# Chapter 849 The Immortal Pats My Head

With the descent of the Level 10 Sect Staff and Ascension Realm Cultivator, Fa Liuyuan, he became the center of attention at the scene.

Whether out of respect for a Level 10 Sect Staff, the desire to learn something from this high-ranking member of the Myriad Laws Sect, or to catch some information, the many Sect Staffs and Cultivators present focused their attention on Fa Liuyuan's every movement and every word, listening intently to every syllable he spoke.

When they heard the conversation between Old Gao and Fa Liuyuan, they all felt a shock in their hearts, then sharply turned their heads to look at the transparent nobodies standing at the very back of the crowd.

Surprise rose in the hearts of many Cultivators: "These are Outsourced Cultivators from the Lower Realm, and they actually know Heavenly Monarch Fa?"

Fa Liuyuan's figure flashed, and he appeared in front of Old Gao, smiling as he said, "Why wouldn't I remember? I am a dignified Ascension Realm Cultivator, how could I forget past memories?"

At the same time, Zhang Yu, Xiao Yunhe, and the others hurried to catch up, standing beside Fa Liuyuan.

Fa Liuyuan continued, "I still remember how you little kids looked during your first year of sitting quietly and practicing breathing techniques. You were one of the best performers at that time."

"In the blink of an eye, the world has completely changed. There aren't many disciples left from your batch."

Gao Chongguang didn't expect Fa Liuyuan to actually remember him. His heart trembled as he said, "Founding Ancestor... I have always kept the lessons you taught us in my heart, never daring to forget."

"I know you remember."

As Fa Liuyuan spoke, he patted Old Gao's shoulder, as if comforting an excited child, and said, "I watched the event playback from the Former Days Graveyard. You were the one from Myriad Laws who took the lead in stabilizing the situation. Tell me about your judgment at the time."

Thus, in front of the many reporters, Old Gao recounted his thoughts from that moment.

Listening to Gao Chongguang's thoughts from that time, Fa Liuyuan laughed heartily, pointing at him and saying to the side, "Look, this is the vision, judgment, and dedication of an Old Civil Engineer."

"There were so many Cultivators present at the time, but how many dared to step up and take the lead like him? Kunxu is developing better and better now, but many Cultivators have forgotten the spirit of the past. This is what I have always worried about."

"Even many of our Sect Staff are ashamed of this spirit, and treat their past Civil Engineering experiences as a dark history. What do I say constitutes a dark history? Forgetting the past is what truly makes a dark history."

Fa Liuyuan said to the reporters in the distance, "When you reporters make your reports, do not forget to properly promote this Civil Engineering spirit..."

The many Cultivators present nodded repeatedly. No matter what they were thinking in their hearts, they all verbally praised Fa Liuyuan's viewpoint.

Then Fa Liuyuan looked at Magnetic Pole to the side and said, "You are also from Myriad Laws University, right? I remember you, the little girl who gave up the opportunity to enter the sect in the past."

While speaking, Fa Liuyuan patted Old Gao's head, then rubbed Magnetic Pole's head, smiling as he said, "Good children, you are all good children. The sect needs talents like you."

Accompanied by Fa Liuyuan's petting, a burst of numbers jumped above Old Gao and Magnetic Pole's heads. They had already been rewarded with 100,000 Immortal Coins and 1,000 Dao Merit.

But this was nothing. What truly amazed everyone... was the Exam Admission Ticket that popped out above Old Gao's and Magnetic Pole's heads.

Looking at the Exam Admission Ticket emerging before him, Old Gao said in shock, "Grandmaster, this is..."

Although holding the Sect Staff Examination in the Lower Realm had become a regular occurrence, according to Old Gao's and Magnetic Pole's Cultivation Realm and age, they were already no longer qualified to participate in the Sect Examination.

However, this Exam Admission Ticket allowed them to participate in the next Lower Realm Sect Examination.

Fa Liuyuan chuckled and said, "In view of your performance this time, the Myriad Laws Palace Hall has specially approved... giving you two active sect defenders the opportunity to participate in the next Lower Realm Sect Examination. Take the exam well and do not disappoint the leaders' expectations."

As he spoke, Fa Liuyuan had already looked in the direction of the reporters. "The Myriad Laws Sect is doing this to tell all the cultivators in the world that the sect's preferential treatment of talents is not just talk. Even Outsourced Cultivators have the opportunity to take the Sect Examination and enter the sect."

Nether Spring, who was at the side, looked at the Exam Admission Tickets on the heads of Old Gao and Magnetic Pole, her heart already full of envy. "Examination by special grace..."

On the other side, the many reporters looking at the scene of the Quasi-Immortal Fa Liuyuan touching the heads of the two and granting them the Exam Admission Tickets had already thought of an eye-catching title: The Immortal Touches my Head, Embarking on the Path to Immortality Again.

Then Fa Liuyuan arrived in front of Yu Xinghan and Ye Xingli.

"Are you also graduates of Myriad Laws University? This time Zhang Yu has the Mending the Heavens Merit, and you two have also contributed a lot, recovering a huge loss for the sect."

While speaking, Fa Liuyuan touched the heads of the two and had already awarded them a Subordinate Merit.

Extraordinary Merit, Superior Merit, Subordinate Merit. Although the Subordinate Merit ranked last, it was not easily obtained.

Especially for grassroots Sect Staff like Yu Xinghan and Ye Xingli, it was even harder to establish Merit Points, but once they did... it would be a huge help to them in raising their ranks.

Originally, under the guise of a transfer, Yu Xinghan and Ye Xingli had respectively become Zhang Yu's secretary and assistant, taking advantage of the situation to be promoted to Rank 2.

The promotion from Rank 1 to Rank 2 was merely the difference between an ordinary employee and a senior employee, but reaching Rank 3 meant becoming a grassroots leader, which involved a massive threshold. It often required a vacant position, and the vast majority of cultivators could not endure the wait without spending several decades.

But now that Yu Xinghan and Ye Xingli had such a Subordinate Merit, coupled with Zhang Yu becoming the leader of a new department like the Netherworld Assets Department, which naturally had new positions, their promotion next year was practically set in stone.

Next, Fa Liuyuan separately rewarded Shi Huaiyu, Feng Tingting, Yan Qianji, and Nether Spring, these outsourced employees serving the Myriad Laws Sect, with some Immortal Coins and Dao Merit.

Although it was not explicitly stated, for Shi Huaiyu, Feng Tingting, and Yan Qianji, this experience would inevitably be a bonus point in future Sect Examinations, greatly assisting them in participating in the Sect Examination.

In the end, standing around Fa Liuyuan were the Myriad Laws members who had been rewarded this time: Zhang Yu, Gao Chongguang, Magnetic Pole, Yu Xinghan, and others.

Fa Liuyuan held Old Gao with one hand and Zhang Yu with the other, praising them, "The two of you are both the civil engineering dragons of our Myriad Laws. In the future, build up the Former Days Graveyard well and pass on the spirit of civil engineering."

Accompanied by the continuous Spirit Realm fluctuations, the group photo of everyone had crossed the Spirit Realm and spread in all directions.

With this, the current reward ceremony had ended, and Zhang Yu also knew that the overt rewards had all been received.

And watching Fa Liuyuan bid farewell to everyone, Zhang Yu immediately sent him a friend request.

Although Fu Ji's main body had always been on Bai Zhenzhen, she had been keeping an eye on Zhang Yu's side and maintained constant contact in his mind, understanding the various situations over there.

At this moment, after learning of Zhang Yu's action, Fu Ji praised, "That's right, Zhang Yu. This Fa Liuyuan is the big leader who supports us on the surface. We must report to the leader more often in the future."

Zhang Yu thought to himself, "The higher-ups of the Reformist Faction should have quite a few things they want to tell me in private."

The next moment, Zhang Yu's friend request was approved.

On the other side, Magnetic Pole nudged Old Gao, who was next to her, and said, "Have you added the leader as a friend?"

Old Gao said, "Lord Fa is a Rank 10 Sect Staff, how could he add an outsourced worker like me as a friend?"

Magnetic Pole said, frustrated by his lack of initiative, "Are you stupid? He already admitted to being your Founding Ancestor, so isn't it perfectly normal for him to add you as a friend? Hurry up and send a friend request!"

Seeing Old Gao's still reluctant appearance, Magnetic Pole directly typed out a message and sent it to him: "Send the request exactly as I wrote it for you! Do you hear me?!"

Gao Chongguang: "Hello, Founding Ancestor! I was deeply inspired by your speech just now, especially regarding the promotion of the Civil Engineering spirit. I would like to seek your guidance and learn from you in the future. Is it convenient for me to add you as a friend?"

A moment later, Gao Chongguang said excitedly, "The Founding Ancestor approved it, the Founding Ancestor added me as a friend." Under the crowd's gaze, the Immortal Palace of the Dharma Realm before their eyes gradually dissipated, and Fa Liuyuan's figure departed along with it.

On the other side, Xiao Yunhe watched the entire reward process, his heart already on guard to the extreme.

For a Rank 7 Sect Staff like him, he was incredibly attentive and sensitive to any changes in power, prestige, assets, and influence.

Especially regarding his own power, he absolutely could not tolerate any threats from his subordinates.

As the current Rank 7 Sect Staff and president of the Management Committee, he had once been a Rank 6 Sect Staff and a second-in-command, so he naturally knew that the president and vice presidents were in a cooperative relationship, yet constantly fighting for power.

Although the president held an absolute advantage most of the time, examples of subordinates usurping superiors were not nonexistent.

Or rather, even if it wasn't a case of usurping, just the fact that Zhang Yu was affecting his authority and shrinking his influence was enough to make Xiao Yunhe extremely vigilant.

"Myriad Laws Sect... This is clearly an excuse to use Zhang Yu's market rescue to extend their hands into the Former Days Graveyard."

At this moment, Xiao Yunhe clearly felt that Zhang Yu, who had achieved the Heaven Mending Merit and had the strong support of the Myriad Laws Sect's upper echelon, had become the biggest threat to him among the four Vice Presidents of the Management Committee.

And because of their respective sects, their interests were probably irreconcilable.

Meanwhile, as the rewards ceremony concluded and after bidding farewell to Fa Liuyuan, Zhang Yu immediately began researching the so-called Netherworld Assets Department and the Nethergate Company.

Fu Ji was also studying the information on this matter and sighed, "This is a new department, a new company specially set up by the Myriad Laws Sect to develop the Soul Cultivator Industry in the Former Days Graveyard. But it also means... everything has to start from scratch."

Immortal Slayer said, "But this is also an excellent opportunity! A brand new department, with financial and personnel power in our own hands! It will be our own territory in the future, it's simply establishing our own base!"

It was rare for Fu Ji to see Immortal Slayer so excited. She said, "It is indeed an opportunity to establish our own territory, but starting from scratch in the Former Days Graveyard and gradually building a power base for the Myriad Laws Sect will probably be full of thorns at every step."

Fu Ji sighed, "Heh, those leaders up there in the Myriad Laws Sect just gave us a title and some funds, and then let us conquer territory for them."

Immortal Slayer said, "If it wasn't for outward expansion, how would such an opportunity fall to us? If we stayed inside the sect, we would never get to do this kind of thing."

As the two communicated, Zhang Yu had already written the first personnel appointment, transferring Yu Xinghan and Ye Xingli to the Netherworld Assets Department, with Yu Xinghan managing personnel and Ye Xingli managing finance, while also having them continue to concurrently serve as the secretary and assistant of the Management Committee.

Yu Xinghan looked at the personnel appointment. While excited about his promotion, he also felt the weight of his responsibilities grow heavier.

Having been busy in the Former Days Graveyard for so many days, he naturally knew how many challenges and obstacles he would face representing the Myriad Laws Sect to intervene in the Soul Cultivator Industry here.

And Yu Xinghan also expressed his first suggestion to Zhang Yu after taking office.

Yu Xinghan said: "The time for the Lower Realm Sect Examination is approaching. This time, I will act as the personnel representative of our Netherworld Assets Department and go down to recruit a batch of Sect Staff."

Zhang Yu's heart moved upon hearing this, and he asked: "Oh? Is there enough time?"

Yu Xinghan: "If we hurry through the procedures, there should be enough time. The Netherworld Assets Department is currently waiting to be built, and what it needs most is manpower."

"Although the sect has also arranged some personnel in the Netherworld Assets Department, I know that the relationships and backgrounds of the cultivators within the sect are complex and intertwined, and their philosophies are all different. You definitely won't find them easy to use. This is a good opportunity to use the Sect Examination to recruit a batch of Lower Realm Cultivators."

"Compared to sect cultivators, the cultivators who come out of our Myriad Laws University in the Lower Realm are more obedient and have cleaner backgrounds. When it's time to put their lives on the line, they definitely won't hesitate."

Listening to Yu Xinghan's words, Fu Ji nodded repeatedly and said, "Right, right, Little Yu, you are right. We have to use cultivators recruited from the Lower Realm. We will be their biggest backers, so they will definitely be absolutely loyal."

Zhang Yu also nodded. He understood that after becoming the Minister of the Netherworld Assets Department, he needed more obedient subordinates to delegate his power and continuously expand his authority and influence.

Zhang Yu said, "Then you make a trip down there, and remember..."

Yu Xinghan smiled slightly and said, "Don't worry, I will definitely recruit Teacher Gao and Teacher Magnetic Pole into our department."

Ye Xingli, who was beside them, looked at her appointment letter and said helplessly, "I don't have much experience with Finance matters."

Zhang Yu comforted her, "Senior sister, you and Yu Xinghan are the only Sect Staff I can trust right now. Just cover this position for now, and once we find a suitable person later, you can hand the duties over."

Then Zhang Yu called for Feng Tingting, Shi Huaiyu, and Yan Qianji.

"Tingting, have you turned off your stream?" Zhang Yu asked.

Ever since the Heaven Collapse event at the Former Days Graveyard began, Feng Tingting had been trying to live stream. Due to her knack for chatting about gossip during her streams, her follower count had been steadily increasing.

Later, she even streamed Fa Liuyuan's rewarding ceremony. After revealing her identity as Zhang Yu's outsourced employee, she gained the attention of many Heavenly Sword Sect Cultivators.

After asking around, Feng Tingting learned that a large number of Heavenly Sword Sect's Shock Sword Cultivators were paying attention to Zhang Yu, treating him as a resource for their Sword Dao.

Even right at this moment, Feng Tingting was continuously receiving various private messages.

"Tingting, get a close-up shot of Zhang Yu, I'll tip you 10 Immortal Coins."

"Tingting, I heard Zhang Yu is closely related to Dao Monarch Bu? Secretly record a video, I'll tip you 1,000 Immortal Coins."

Hearing Zhang Yu's words, Feng Tingting quickly shook her head and said, "It's off, it's off, I turned it off ages ago. Without your orders, Minister, I wouldn't randomly film anything."

Zhang Yu nodded, looked at the trio including Feng Tingting, and said, "The Sect Examination is coming up soon. For the following days, don't worry about work matters. Dedicate your work hours entirely to preparing for the Sect Examination. I will be waiting for you in the Nether Production Department."

The three of them looked at Zhang Yu in surprise. Having been outsourced workers in the sect for almost a year, they naturally knew... for a leader to let you prepare for the Sect Examination with peace of mind, and even allow you to do so during work hours, was an incredibly unbelievable thing.

Shi Huaiyu clenched her fist fiercely and said firmly, "Minister, we will definitely pass the examination to enter the sect."

During this Heaven Collapse incident, Shi Huaiyu had gone all-in on stocks related to the Former Days Graveyard at the final moment, and it could be said that she earned quite a lot of Immortal Coins.

Whenever she saw the profit figures, she couldn't help but sigh with emotion in her heart, "Although there have been ups and downs in my life and I've traded many stocks, this is my most successful time."

"The reason is also very simple, simply because I believe in Zhang Yu. I believe Zhang Yu can bring about miracles again. This is a judgment I could only establish... after witnessing it time and time again."

"Sure enough, when it comes to stock trading, all data is fake; inside information and confidence are what's real."

"This is the so-called 'power of believing in belief'."

After letting the three of them fully prepare for the Sect Examination, Zhang Yu sought out Divine Monarch Nether Spring.

"Senior Nether Spring, please make a trip to the Training School. I want to invite the other Ten Universities Spirit Transformation Cultivators to come work here together."

Zhang Yu had long planned to employ the Spirit Transformation Cultivators from the Ten Great Universities, and the establishment of this new department and new company was a perfect opportunity to expand their manpower.

Looking at Divine Monarch Nether Spring, Zhang Yu promised, "You can tell them that I will give them the best outsourcing treatment here. Besides that..."

"If I continue to be promoted and have the opportunity to hold great power in the future, I will definitely help them obtain a Exam Admission Ticket for the Sect Examination."

Hearing these words, Nether Spring's body shook, knowing that Zhang Yu had made an offer they absolutely could not refuse.

Ever since seeing Old Gao and Magnetic Pole receive their Exam Admission Tickets through the head-touching transmission, Nether Spring and the other Spirit Transformation Cultivators from the universities had been indescribably envious and longing.

For these Divine Monarchs, they were all Lower Realm Prodigies of their respective eras, figures standing at the pinnacle among their peers.

But now, because of the era and the current situation, they could only watch as their juniors joined the sect one by one. How could they be willing to accept this?

Nether Spring could not help but ask, "Is it... only possible to take the Myriad Laws exam?"

Zhang Yu smiled helplessly, "If I said that there would be opportunities for you to take the exams for other sects in the future, you wouldn't believe it either, right?"

Nether Spring naturally wouldn't believe it. After all, no matter how high Zhang Yu climbed, he was still a Sect Staff of the Myriad Laws Sect. How could he manage the recruitment of other sects?

But even so, it still caused the magic power in Nether Spring's body to accelerate.

After all, the Myriad Laws Sect ranked among the top of the Ten Great Sects. In a situation where they couldn't take the exams for other sects, being able to take the exam for the Myriad Laws Sect was definitely something they desperately desired.

Especially with the examples of Old Gao and Magnetic Pole right in front of them, and Zhang Yu's credibility being quite good in the eyes of these Spirit Transformation Divine Monarchs.

Nether Spring knew that it wasn't just her; probably all the other Ten Universities' Spirit Transformation cultivators would be recruited by Zhang Yu in one breath, and they would exert all their strength to assist Zhang Yu.

Nether Spring thought to herself, "In this case, on Wang Yin's side..."

At this moment, Nether Spring felt that she could no longer fully fund Wang Yin and should keep more resources for herself.

For example, from her monthly outsourcing income, Nether Spring decided to keep a bit more for herself.

---

Bai Zhenzhen watched Zhang Yu appear on the news, a hint of a smile touching the corners of her lips.

"This guy... went out to risk his life carrying my Spirit Root, not even afraid of losing two lives at once."

In fact, the moment Zhang Yu survived, Bai Zhenzhen had already used the Evil God Power to communicate with him and learned that he was safe and sound.

And although Fu Ji's main body had always remained with Bai Zhenzhen, she never forgot to constantly inquire about Zhang Yu's situation, participating in the telepathic exchanges in Zhang Yu's mind.

Right now, Bai Zhenzhen was heading towards Zhang Yu's office, planning to find an opportunity to return Fu Ji to him and covertly take back the True Spirit Root.

Fu Ji warned, "A-Zhen, you have to be careful. Do not let Bu Yingshu find out. That woman is very troublesome, and Zhang Yu is being played like a fiddle by her."

Bai Zhenzhen raised an eyebrow and said, "Didn't Yu Zi say he had the upper hand?"

Fu Ji replied, "That's counting me in. Under my guidance, he only slightly gained the initiative and managed to hold his ground against Bu Yingshu. But for some reason, that woman seems to absolutely despise cultivators from the Heavenly Sword Sect. Ever since she discovered your connection with Zhang Yu last time, she has repeatedly warned him to stay away from you."

Bai Zhenzhen nodded and said, "I know about this."

Fu Ji said, "But this time, Bu Yingshu definitely saw the live broadcast as well. Seeing that you and Zhang Yu entered the Immortal Grotto-Heaven together before the Heaven Mending operation, she must be even more dissatisfied with you."

"If she sees you coming to find Zhang Yu again now, won't she raise a huge fuss?"

Bai Zhenzhen asked, "Do you think I should stay away from Zhang Yu?"

"Of course I don't think so," Fu Ji quickly said. "Don't you know me? With our friendship from climbing up from the First Layer together, I am definitely on your side. From the First Layer onwards, I have always supported you and Zhang Yu cultivating together."

"It's just that Yu Xinghan, Ye Xingli, and their ilk, along with those evil clone thoughts in Zhang Yu's mind, have all been completely captivated by Bu Yingshu. Falling to her power and money offensive, they encourage Zhang Yu to madly fawn over Bu Yingshu all day long! I alone can't out-argue them."

Bai Zhenzhen said, "Then it has really been hard on you."

Just at this moment, a cold snort was heard.

"Sword brute! I knew you hadn't given up! I was right to wait for you."

---

After the rewards brought by Fa Liuyuan ended, Zhang Yu was busy arranging various matters for the Netherworld Assets Department, the new company, and the Management Committee.

Besides this, there were also interviews with various platforms, visits from subordinates, and exchanges with various companies in the Former Days Graveyard...

With all these chaotic matters piled up together, even though Zhang Yu had multiple clones and the assistance of the Calculation Pool, it still took him quite a bit of time to handle them one by one.

And just as things died down slightly and Zhang Yu withdrew a portion of his consciousness, he suddenly discovered a pitch-black projection had appeared in front of him.

This projection's appearance could not be seen, much less its age or gender. Just like someone's shadow, it stood quietly in front of Zhang Yu.

Zhang Yu's heart jolted. In the next moment, the other party's relevant information surfaced in his eyes.

Rank 9 Sect Staff, Ascension Realm Cultivator, Vice Hall Master of the Heavenly Surveillance Hall — Dugu Ming.

Immortal Slayer hastily said, "The Heavenly Surveillance Hall is responsible for monitoring the inside and outside of the Myriad Laws Sect... The one behind it should be the Immortal Emperor."

The Sect Examination Clone excitedly said, "The secret contact and rewards have arrived."