# Chapter 856 Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor: Understood

Hearing Immortal Slayer's introduction and Desolate Ox's supplement, Zhang Yu asked, "The Kunlun Dao Lineage... shouldn't be controlled solely by the Myriad Laws Sect, right?"

Immortal Slayer said, "That is natural. A Dao Lineage might have one Dao Master, or it might have multiple Dao Masters."

"Dao Masters can operate a Dao Lineage together, expanding its coverage and making it grow. They can also compete, devour, and seize from each other to ultimately determine the sole controller of the Dao Lineage."

"Like the Kunlun Dao Lineage, it is scattered among the Ten Great Sects, each having different Dao Masters."

Immortal Slayer said with a sigh, "It is said that... in the past, when Kunxu's construction work was heavy and the Civil Engineering industry rapidly developed, the Dao Masters of the Kunlun Dao Lineage fought each other. Who knows how many loans became bad debts, how many wages were in arrears, and how many construction sites suffered from thunderstorms and were left unfinished. The successive fierce battles could only be described as incomparably tragic."

"However, with the end of the great construction era, the Kunlun Dao Lineage was also suppressed. The Dao Masters unanimously stopped their struggles, scaled back their investments in constructing the world, and instead turned their gazes to other fields to seek new growth points for their cultivation."

Desolate Ox added, "As the saying goes, success is tied to the Dao Lineage, and failure is also tied to the Dao Lineage. The strength of a Dao Lineage will make the Dao Master increasingly powerful, and the expansion speed of their cultivation and assets will greatly increase along with it. The weakness of a Dao Lineage, however, will also drag down the Dao Master, causing their growth rate in cultivation and assets to decrease, or even regress."

"Therefore, the choice of a Dao Lineage is very important. It not only determines your allies and your enemies, but also determines your relationship with Kunxu and different eras..."

Zhang Yu checked his mail and found no reply yet. He thought to himself, "I wonder how things are going on Fa Liuyuan's end after he read it."

However, since he had already communicated with the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor through the hidden mail address secretly provided by Dugu Ming, he was no longer that nervous about the reply from Fa Liuyuan and the Reformist Faction.

---

Right when Zhang Yu was discussing the Kunlun Dao Lineage with Immortal Slayer and Desolate Ox.

In the Immortal Palace of the Dharma Realm, Fa Liuyuan, Rank 10 Sect Staff and Ascension Realm Cultivator, also saw the document sent by Zhang Yu.

Initially, Fa Liuyuan did not attach much importance to this document from Zhang Yu.

After all, in his opinion, the Myriad Laws Sect lacked accumulation in the Soul Cultivator industry. For Zhang Yu to achieve results in the Former Days Graveyard, it would inevitably take a considerable amount of time.

This kind of pioneering work had always been bitter and tiring, but if Zhang Yu could calm his heart and do this well... then he would have the qualifications for advancement and could become a great general of the Reformist Faction in the future.

However, when Fa Liuyuan's gaze swept over the contents of the document, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, and his mood also became slightly solemn.

Traces of intent were withdrawn from the Spirit Realm. At this moment, Fa Liuyuan focused more of his attention on the document in front of him and then read it repeatedly several times.

He was particularly appreciative of the content regarding the Heavenly Demon Sect, the joint venture company, and the support of the Dharma Realm.

The content regarding the Civil Engineering projects and the comprehension of the Civil Engineering Spirit also deeply won his heart. After reading it several times, he felt the strong aura of a Civil Engineer hitting him in the face.

Reading the entire document made him nod slightly, and even the operation of the entire Immortal Palace seemed to become a bit smoother.

"Without sufficient grassroots Civil Engineering experience, one could absolutely not write such an article."

"It's been a long time since there was such a grounded Civil Engineering Heavenly Chosen with the spirit of building the world."

Fa Liuyuan recalled the scene of Zhang Yu stopping the Heaven Collapse and thought to himself, "...He really resembles Senior Ying, just a Civil Engineering version."

"This time... perhaps he can find a new growth point for the Civil Engineering industry."

Then Fa Liuyuan focused his attention back on the parts of the document regarding the Heavenly Demon Sect, the joint venture company, and the Dharma Realm.

"Zhang Yu oh Zhang Yu, I really didn't expect... how long has it been since you took office in the Netherworld Assets Department? And you've already given me such a big surprise."

"However, this involves two major sects, as well as an Immortal Emperor... This matter is of great importance and is no longer something I can decide alone."

Thinking of this, Fa Liuyuan forwarded the document to his two masters, and then his consciousness crossed the Dharma Realm, arriving at a high-level location somewhere in Kunxu.

He planned to personally meet his two immortal masters to discuss the contents of Zhang Yu's document.

Amidst streams of chaos-colored airflow, light and shadows symbolizing all things in Kunxu flashed by. Among them, a stream of consciousness carrying information was directly transmitted into Fa Liuyuan's mind. "Not bad."

Fa Liuyuan raised his head and looked at the two figures before him. They were exactly his two masters, Immortal Yi Xuan and Immortal Roujia, who belonged to the Reformist Faction of the Myriad Laws Sect.

And that "Not bad" came precisely from Immortal Yi Xuan.

The next moment, a female voice rang out. It was Immortal Roujia who said, "Given Zhang Yu's position, to be able to see through the internal interest conflicts of the Heavenly Demon Sect so quickly, and even use their internal sect struggles to introduce Soul Cultivator technology, is indeed somewhat unexpected."

Another male voice came over, and it was exactly Immortal Yi Xuan continuing to speak: "Perhaps it's done intentionally by the Heavenly Demon Sect's Reincarnation Group. Regardless, cooperating with the Heavenly Demon Sect's Reincarnation faction... has its pros and cons, but this isn't the most important part of this proposal."

"The technical support of the Dharma Realm is the key."

Upon hearing this, Fa Liuyuan agreed: "I see there isn't much written about the Dharma Realm in this document. I'm afraid Zhang Yu himself hasn't truly realized its importance. Well... given Zhang Yu's level and foresight, he probably hasn't realized how crucial the Dharma Realm is."

"Even so, it can be considered to have figured out the logic of inserting the Dharma Realm into the Soul Cultivator Industry. If this document is presented to the Immortal Emperor, I'm afraid it will immediately scratch the Immortal Emperor's itch."

"Master, should we send this document to the Immortal Emperor to take a look?"

Hearing Fa Liuyuan's inquiry, Immortal Yi Xuan thought for a moment and said: "You can. Guide Zhang Yu to revise the document, fix the key points within it. Zhang Yu has never communicated with an existence at the Immortal Emperor's level. You need to teach him to pay attention to the format of speaking with the Immortal Emperor; the Immortal Emperor values this very much."

"Also, it's not suitable for this document to trigger excessive attention within the sect. Don't go through the Myriad Laws Palace Hall. Use the secret mail address to send it directly to the Immortal Emperor."

Fa Liuyuan nodded and accepted this mission.

Fa Liuyuan knew that the Reformist Faction had never completely denied Dharma Realm Technology; they just had their own views on how to use it and implement it.

In Fa Liuyuan's eyes, technology itself was neither good nor evil; it all depended on how the controller used it. If the Dharma Realm was used well, it would be a sharp tool for governing the world and a guarantee for a new round of prosperity in Kunxu. If not used well, it would cause devastation to living beings and even trigger a great Kunxu war.

Therefore, all along, the Reformist Faction had held a tacitly approving attitude towards the promotion of the Dharma Realm, neither opposing it nor supporting it too actively.

But this time, if Zhang Yu's plan was followed, the Reformist Faction would be able to interfere with the Dharma Realm's enhancement of the Soul Cultivator Industry through Civil Engineering construction.

"The Immortal Emperor will definitely support the expansion of the Dharma Realm," Fa Liuyuan said. "We can also take this opportunity to influence the specific operation of the Dharma Realm in the Soul Cultivator field."

"The Kunlun Dao Lineage... might also be able to take this opportunity to ride the expansion momentum of the Dharma Realm Dao Lineage and find a new point of growth."

Immortal Roujia said, "Good. With this cooperation momentum, it can also add a few points to your chances of winning in the next Ascension Selection."

"If you ascend and become an Immortal, our faction will not only add another Immortal, but you will also be able to pass the Feather Book to Tai Yuebai."

Fa Liuyuan nodded, naturally having no objections to this. After all, he knew that his Junior Brother Tai Yuebai was the most suitable master for the Feather Book. Back then, Ying Xintian had left the Feather Book with him solely to help him ascend and become an Immortal in the future, as well as to reduce the attention placed on Tai Yuebai.

Recalling the contents of the document, Fa Liuyuan proposed, "Then after Junior Brother Tai Yuebai succeeds, the Feather Book can be passed on to Zhang Yu to use. In the future, our Reformist Faction might be able to produce another Immortal."

Immortal Roujia said, "This person Zhang Yu... Liuyuan, you should guide him more and pay attention to him from now on. His current cultivation and rank are ultimately still a bit lacking, and the two forces of the Reincarnation Faction and the Dharma Realm that are to be introduced next are too strong. I'm afraid that he won't be able to control them himself in the end."

---

Not long after, Zhang Yu received a reply from Fa Liuyuan.

Fa Liuyuan: "You wrote it very well, far exceeding my expectations. Your growth in this project is very obvious. You can execute it with confidence next, and I will fully support you..."

Zhang Yu breathed a slight sigh of relief. As he continued reading, he found that Fa Liuyuan had also provided some suggestions for the document, asking him to add a section about the Dharma Realm technology support, along with some formatting issues, and some issues regarding the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor.

Fa Liuyuan: "After you finish revising it, I will help you submit it for the Immortal Emperor to review. With the Immortal Emperor's secret support, this matter will be practically guaranteed."

Fa Liuyuan: "However, this matter is not suitable to attract too much attention. I will send it to the Immortal Emperor's secret mailbox. Remember not to publicly announce the matter of sending documents to the Immortal Emperor."

Fa Liuyuan further explained about the secret mail: "This is a mailbox the Immortal Emperor uses to secretly collect information. Only those valued and trusted by the Immortal Emperor are qualified to send messages to it. It was only when I established an Extraordinary Merit and was promoted to Rank 10 Sect Staff that I gained the authority to use the secret mail."

Seeing this, Zhang Yu's gaze flickered. He felt that something was a bit strange in his heart: "I have to send another copy to the Immortal Emperor?"

So after thinking for a moment, Zhang Yu sent this matter to the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor's secret mail, wanting to ask if he should do as Fa Liuyuan said.

"Ding!"

Zhang Yu instantly saw the Immortal Emperor's reply.

Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor: "Just do as he says. Do not bother me with such trivial matters in the future."

Thus, Zhang Yu thought about it, took out the document he had previously submitted to the Immortal Emperor, and sent it to Fa Liuyuan.

Fa Liuyuan quickly replied: "Well written. I helped you change some of the formatting. I will first send it to the Immortal Emperor."

A moment later, Fa Liuyuan also received the Immortal Emperor's reply. Looking at the content of the reply, a smile appeared on his face.

Fa Liuyuan sent the reply result to Zhang Yu: "[Screenshot]"

Zhang Yu looked at the content on the screenshot and only found one word: "Understood."

Fa Liuyuan said: "Generally, if the Immortal Emperor replies with this, it means he has tacitly approved and supports us doing this. This is a very positive signal."

Zhang Yu: "So that's how it is."

Fa Liuyuan: "Work hard this time. If you can introduce the Dharma Realm Technology to the Soul Cultivator Industry in the Former Days Graveyard, you might have the opportunity to report directly to the Immortal Emperor in the future."

Zhang Yu: "I'm really looking forward to it."

After this matter was concluded, Fa Liuyuan also pulled Zhang Yu into a small group chat, introducing his assistant and the Sect Staff of the Myriad Laws Palace Hall to Zhang Yu, having them assist Zhang Yu in completing the procedures for the joint venture company.

Not long after Zhang Yu and Fa Liuyuan finished communicating, another Rank 7 Sect Staff found him.

"The Pavilion Master of the Spirit Dharma Pavilion... Jie Lingtong." Zhang Yu knew that this was the Dharma Realm technical personnel that the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor told him to contact.

And this Spirit Dharma Pavilion was the department under the jurisdiction of the Myriad Laws Palace Hall, specifically responsible for the construction and maintenance of the Dharma Realm.

---

On the other side, Jie Lingtong was looking at a notification that had appeared in front of him a moment ago.

"Work with Zhang Yu from the Netherworld Assets Department to conduct careful research, prepare the supporting policy guidelines for the implementation of Dharma Realm Technology in the Soul Cultivator Industry, fully promote the deep cooperation between the Netherworld Assets Department and the Heavenly Demon Sect, open up the soul cultivator industry chain as soon as possible, and improve the new quality productive forces of Dharma Realm Technology..." [^1]

And this notification came directly from the central hub of the Myriad Laws Sect — the Immortal Ascension Hall.

The so-called Immortal Ascension Hall, as the administrative center, was the highest level of sect governance, participating in the design and execution of sect strategy and policies. It was a place that could directly face the sect leader and vice sect leaders.

"This backer of Zhang Yu... is quite tough."

Regarding some of Zhang Yu's deeds, Jie Lingtong had only previously known a few scattered bits, such as the matters concerning the Immortal Legacy as well as the Kunxu Hero and Myriad Markets Great Peace titles.

Upon receiving the notification, he quickly gathered more information.

"Nurturing Dao Monarch Bu's fetus in the Former Days Graveyard?"

"Driving an Immortal Shuttle to crash and kill a former Immortal Clan member?"

"Beaten to miscarriage by a Void Refinement cultivator from the White Bone Cult?"

"The Void Refinement cultivator compensated and apologized?"

Seeing this intelligence, Jie Lingtong instantly trembled, having come to a conclusion in his heart: "This person's background is very complicated."

After carefully reading the news about Zhang Yu being rewarded by Fa Liuyuan, he formed a guess in his heart: "It should be a certain Immortal from the Reformist Faction supporting him. Are they fully supporting him to manage the Former Days Graveyard well?"

So after Jie Lingtong added Zhang Yu as a friend, he appeared extremely polite.

Theoretically speaking, a Rank 4 Sect Staff like Zhang Yu normally wouldn't have the qualifications to speak to him.

However, the other party's background seemed truly unfathomable to Jie Lingtong, making him answer basically every question asked. Even if the other party didn't send Red Packets or local specialties, he did not dare to show the slightest neglect.

On the other side, Su Lingyou also arranged for Zhang Yu to meet the Soul Cultivator technical personnel of the Heavenly Demon Sect.

Just like that, Zhang Yu's preparations regarding the Netherworld Assets Department, the joint venture company, and other aspects gradually got on the right track.

However, for the Soul Cultivator transformation business, Zhang Yu planned to temporarily focus on technical preparations and wait until the Myriad Laws Sect's Dharma Realm and the Heavenly Demon Sect's Soul Cultivator technology were integrated before officially opening for business.

As for the Soul Cultivator outsourcing and intermediary business, Zhang Yu was currently prepared to take the lead in participating himself. Through the joint venture company, he would hire Soul Cultivators, and along with the cultivators from the various departments under him, they would support the joint venture company's business together, integrating the support of Dharma Realm Technology in the process.

"I won't spend too much money at the beginning. I'll temporarily just do internal business and get the workflow running smoothly first."

Zhang Yu thought to himself: "Anyway, we are going to face a blockade next. The more we invest... the more we will lose."

Zhang Yu did not plan to clash head-on with the Soul Cultivator Enterprises in the Former Days Graveyard right from the start. He planned to wait until the technical reserves were completed and the business processes were running smoothly before launching a counterattack.

"Accumulate strength first, and then fight a turnaround battle when the time comes."

---

In a Spirit Realm Conference Room.

Xiao Yunhe looked at Xie Lanyin, Xie Xue, and the others in front of him: "Everyone, you already know the plan. In the Soul Cultivator sector... the Myriad Laws Sect is absolutely not allowed to intervene."

"I hope that in the coming time, within the entire Former Days Graveyard, Myriad Laws' market share in the Soul Cultivator Industry can be maintained below 1%."

With the end of the meeting, watching the disappearing backs of the crowd, Xiao Yunhe sighed in his heart.

As a Rank 7 Sect Staff of the Heavenly Demon Sect, Xiao Yunhe belonged to the hardcore Soul Cultivator Faction. The big shot of the faction was precisely an Immortal Venerable of the Heavenly Demon Sect who controlled the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage.

But this Immortal Venerable did not solely control the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage, simply because the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage was respectively controlled by three Immortal Venerables from three sects: Heavenly Demon, Netherworld, and White Bone.

And the relationship between these three Immortal Venerables was rather complex.

Although this Immortal Venerable of the Heavenly Demon Sect was the strongest, the other two had the support of their sects behind them, which kept this Immortal Venerable from solely controlling the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage for a long time.

But at the same time, the three parties usually maintained a cooperative relationship. The other two Immortal Venerables would even assist the Heavenly Demon Sect's Immortal Venerable to jointly resist the power of the Reincarnation Faction.

Xiao Yunhe sighed in his heart, *Netherworld and White Bone, they just don't want the Immortal Venerable to solely control the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage, but they also don't want the Immortal Venerable to be suppressed by the Reincarnation Immortal Emperor. They only want the Immortal Venerable to constantly keep the Reincarnation Immortal Emperor in check.*

*And the Immortal Venerable wants to pull chestnuts out of the fire, maneuvering among these three factions... to find an opportunity to solely control the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage.*

*If he could solely control the Soul Cultivator Dao Lineage...*

Countless pieces of data surfaced in Xiao Yunhe's mind: *With the current application of Soul Cultivator methods throughout Kunxu, the expansion of the Dao Lineage... I'm afraid the Immortal Venerable could immediately upgrade the Dao Lineage and achieve a Supreme Dao Lineage.*

Supreme Dao Lineage, Heavenly Constitution Dao Lineage, Supreme Unity Dao Lineage... Xiao Yunhe knew that these different historical terms all meant the same thing. They referred to the Dao Lineage controlled by an Immortal Emperor, which was now widely called the Immortal Emperor Dao Lineage.

*If the Myriad Laws Sect is really allowed to intervene, I'm afraid the Immortal Venerable's chances of achieving a Supreme Dao Lineage... will become increasingly slim.*

Thinking of this, the figure of Su Lingyou once again surfaced in Xiao Yunhe's mind.

Last time Xiao Yunhe saw Su Lengyou helping Zhang Yu, he felt something was wrong, and a sense of wariness welled up in his heart.

*Since the Supreme Truth Immortal Clan incident, the Immortal Emperor has gathered a large number of Supreme Truth Immortal Clan members within the Heavenly Demon Sect, and Su Lengyou is one of them.*

*And this Su Lengyou actually stood up for an outsider like Zhang Yu...*

In Xiao Yunhe's eyes, this was a bad sign.

*I'm just afraid that the Immortal Emperor will disregard the sect's interests and help the Myriad Laws Sect compete for the Soul Cultivator market...*

And the more he thought about it, the more Xiao Yunhe felt this was possible.

After all, compared to the sect's interests, the Immortal Emperor himself was the big picture. If he sacrificed his own interests for the sect's interests, that would truly be disregarding the big picture.

*If this is the case, I have been dragged into the struggle between the Immortal Venerable and the Immortal Emperor.*

If it weren't for his status in the Soul Cultivator Faction, Xiao Yunhe really wanted to give up this hot potato position of president. For a job like this, where the slightest carelessness could damage one's Promotion Accelerator, whoever wanted to do it could be his guest.

But as a diehard member of the Soul Cultivator Faction, from the moment he established the Law Edict, it meant he had chosen his future path. He could no longer jump ship, could no longer change allegiances, and was destined to be an enemy of the Reincarnation Faction.

If he were allowed to return to the past, to the moment he established his Law Edict, would he regret it? Would he shrink back?

Xiao Yunhe smiled and shook his head, knowing that even if he did it 10 times or 100 times over, he would absolutely not regret his choice to climb upwards, nor would he let go of the opportunity to charge towards the peak of the Immortal Dao.

*Living in this world, desiring to climb to the Apex of the Immortal Dao, through thousands of hardships and ten thousand dangers, there are only the words 'a hundred deaths without regret'.*

*This... has long been engraved in our hearts.*

He was like this, the Immortal Venerable was like this, and the Immortal Emperor was also the same.

Between them, they did not speak of gratitude and grudges, did not talk of love and hatred; they only fought to climb the immortal path, only battled for the rise and fall of their Dao Lineages.

This... was the Dao Lineage Struggle.

*Reincarnation Immortal Emperor, even if you are an Immortal Emperor holding a Supreme Dao Lineage, if you want to destroy my immortal path, I can only use my life... to fight to the death.*

At this moment, Xiao Yunhe found that he suddenly understood the Artifact Spirit Faction.

When it came to a Dao Lineage Struggle, what did a mere Heaven Collapse matter? As long as he could win, even if a few layers of Kunxu were destroyed, he would not hesitate.

At the same time as making up his mind, Xiao Yunhe's will had already crossed the Spirit Realm and arrived within the Heavenly Demon Sect.

Looking at the figure before him, he bowed and said: "My Lord, there are some situations in the Former Days Graveyard that I feel need to be reported upwards."

---

Just as the various parties in the Former Days Graveyard were making preparations for the Dao Lineage Struggle.

Lower Realm, Kunxu Fifth Layer.

Within the Myriad Laws University Campus.

True Monarch Thunder Pole looked at his senior sister Magnetic Pole with a face full of surprise, or rather, he was looking at the Exam Admission Ticket in Magnetic Pole's hand.

He looked it over back and forth several times, his eyes constantly fixed on this Exam Admission Ticket, his eyes full of envy. "An Exam Admission Ticket, an Exam Admission Ticket. From the First to the Tenth Layer, I don't know how many Spirit Transformation and Nascent Soul cultivators who don't have the qualifications for the Sect Examination would be willing to give up their entire fortunes for this Exam Admission Ticket."

Magnetic Pole said impatiently, "Have you seen enough? I am putting it away."

Reluctantly watching Magnetic Pole put away the Exam Admission Ticket, True Monarch Thunder Pole said shamelessly, "Senior Sister, when you pass the exam and enter the sect this time, take me up with you. I also want to go to the sect and be an outsourced worker."

"With your strength? Your age? Going there would just be a waste of a quota." Magnetic Pole snorted coldly. "Let alone the sect, the fact that you can still keep this position at Myriad Laws University is only because others are giving face to me and your Junior Nephew Zhang Yu, otherwise they would have told you to scram a long time ago, and you still want to go to the sect?"

"And so what if you go to the sect? Master and Senior Brother went to the sect early on, but won't they still have to act politely when they see me this time?"

Thunder Pole asked in surprise, "Senior Sister, did you see Master and the others?"

"I couldn't be bothered to see them," Magnetic Pole said indifferently. "However, Senior Brother kept pestering me and insisted on sending me Red Packets, so I added him as a friend."

Saying that, Magnetic Pole posted the screenshot of their chat.

Looking at the chat record, Thunder Pole laughed and complimented, "Haha, Senior Sister, you are indeed the true Heavenly Chosen of our lineage. So what if Senior Brother and the others went early? In the end, when you enter the sect, they will still have to lick the soles of your feet."

On the other side, Old Gao looked at Tu Lishan in front of him and said, "After this Sect Examination is over, if you don't pass, just go to the sect with me. You can start as an outsourced worker to cultivate your sect awareness, which will be of great help for the Sect Examination."

Hearing this, Tu Lishan naturally nodded repeatedly, but then asked worriedly, "However, with my background from the Civil Engineering Department, won't it be inconvenient for the Sect Examination?"

Old Gao waved his hand and said, "Am I not from the Civil Engineering Department? Aren't Yu Xinghan and Zhang Yu also from the Civil Engineering Department?"

"Besides, the winds from above are gradually changing now. Those with a Civil Engineering Department background equally have an opportunity for the Sect Examination."

Right at this moment, the light screen to the side flashed, broadcasting the live feed of Yu Xinghan's interview.

Magnetic Pole watched this scene and thought to herself, "This kid Yu Xinghan, I didn't realize he was so high-profile before."

Meanwhile, Yu Xinghan looked at the countless bullet comments in the stream and thought to himself, "Talents of the Ten Universities, the major sects above don't care about you, they don't value you, and they see you as trash."

"But Zhang Yu and I care about you."

"You are all Heavenly Chosen, but were born in the Lower Realm without the development conditions of a sect."

"In the future, Zhang Yu and I can recruit the best talents from all of the ten universities every year."

"The entire Ten Great Universities is our reserve talent pool."




[^1] New Quality Productive Forces is a reference to China's economic strategy: https://www.china-briefing.com/news/chinas-new-quality-productive-forces-an-explainer/