# Chapter 857 What Those Above Prefer, Those Below Will Follow With Excess

The thoughts in his mind flashed by in an instant. Yu Xinghan looked at the camera in front of him and spoke to the countless cultivators who were currently watching the live broadcast, "Among the audience watching the live broadcast right now, perhaps many already know my identity, but there are definitely many viewers who are not familiar with me, so I will introduce myself."

"I am Yu Xinghan, born on the 1st layer of Kunxu, and graduated from the Civil Engineering Department of Myriad Laws University."

"Perhaps some viewers still remember that two years ago, as an examinee of the first Lower Realm Sect Examination, I became one of the first batch of cultivators to pass the Lower Realm Sect Examination and join a sect."

Following Yu Xinghan's introduction of his identity, the countless viewers watching the live broadcast... suddenly felt that the distance between themselves and Yu Xinghan had been narrowed.

This Sect Staff who had ascended through the examination from the Lower Realm seemed to faintly exude a sense of approachability.

Many viewers also recalled the first Lower Realm Sect Examination two years ago, when he appeared in the live broadcast of the interview... the last person to smash open the Heavenly Gate.

Yu Xinghan continued, "Now, I am already a Rank 2 Sect Staff of the Myriad Laws Sect's... Former Days Graveyard Netherworld Assets Department, a cultivator at the Nascent Soul Realm in charge of human resources work. Next year, I should be promoted to Rank 3."

Lan Ling looked at Yu Xinghan in the live broadcast with a trace of pride on his face and said to the subordinate beside him, "This is my fellow townsman. We are both originally from the first layer's Songyang City."

"During university, we were even in the same group chat."

Hearing this, the subordinate asked in surprise, "Then Leader, can you contact him now? Beg him to recruit you into the sect."

Lan Ling laughed in exasperation, "This is why you Junior College students always take things for granted. What kind of place is the sect? Do you think it's that easy to get recruited into?"

"Sigh... do you understand the Sect Examination? There really is nothing to talk about with you Junior College students. That is the Sect Examination! The ultimate exam that anyone from the First to the Tenth Layer can participate in. Even Ten Universities' students have to fight tooth and nail for the Sect Examination. As strong as our Thirty-Six Upper Colleges are, we would just be cannon fodder even if we participated in the Sect Examination."

The subordinate nodded, thinking to himself, "What Upper College? During the Sect Examination, there's no difference between that and a Vocational College anyway."

Lan Ling's Bionic Eye flickered; he had already seen the Hometown Group, which had been silent for a long time, now frantically refreshing with messages.

Lan Ling sent a message to Zhou Chechen, "Old Zhou, did you see? How long has it been? To think Yu Xinghan is already at Nascent Soul. The sect truly is the Immortal Path to Heaven."

"Nascent Soul Realm..." Lan Ling said with a look of longing, "Even for the students of the Ten Greats, they need at least a PhD to have a chance of getting the Nascent Soul Certificate. We have no hope of reaching Nascent Soul in this lifetime."

Zhou Chechen replied, "It's not just Nascent Soul. Being able to manage personnel work means he's already a grass-roots leader in the sect, right? It shows he's doing very well in the sect."

"Sigh, Sect Examination... with our Upper College degrees, it's impossible."

At this moment, Zhou Chechen and Lan Ling both felt immense regret in their hearts. Why couldn't they have worked harder in High School? Why did they only get into such a crappy Upper College?

"If I had worked harder in High School, forced mom and dad to sell all the family property, mortgaged everything, and put everything into the University Entrance Exam, I might have gotten into the Ten Universities, and now I'd have a chance to take the exam for the sect..."

At the same time, in the livestream, Yu Xinghan continued, "In our Netherworld Assets Department, besides me, there is also Ye Xingli, who passed the exam last year and is also from Myriad Laws University. Like me, she is a Rank 2 Sect Staff and should be promoted to Rank 3 next year."

"And the Minister of our Netherworld Assets Department is Zhang Yu, who has already become a Rank 4 Sect Staff and broken through to the Spirit Transformation Realm. He is currently also the legal heir to an Immortal Legacy."

"Our department employs quite a few Outsourced Cultivators and Soul Cultivators from the Lower Realm, and the Spirit Transformation principals of the Ten Universities are also currently working with us."

"It can be said that our Netherworld Assets Department is probably the most welcoming department to Lower Realm Cultivators among all the major sects right now."

Yu Xinghan said with a sincere face, "I came to the Lower Realm this time to recruit a batch of outstanding talents for the Netherworld Assets Department through the Sect Examination."

"And in future Sect Examinations every year, the Netherworld Assets Department, as a Lower Realm friendly department, will continue to recruit outstanding talents from various universities in the Lower Realm. Those who are not from Myriad Laws are also welcome to apply. We don't look at background, only at ability."

Yu Xinghan knew that compared to those popular positions, there definitely wouldn't be particularly many people applying to the Netherworld Assets Department this year, and he had originally planned to mainly recruit their own people from the Myriad Laws Sect this year anyway.

But subsequently, with the annual admissions and promotions, there would inevitably be more and more elites from the Ten Universities applying to the Netherworld Assets Department.

Yu Xinghan thought to himself, "Perhaps in the future, the top few of every Ten Greats League, the most outstanding talents from the Ten Great Universities, can all be recruited by us."

"These elites, despised by the Ten Great Sects and regarded as Lower Beasts by the Sect Staff, will shine and generate heat in our hands."

Bei Wufeng, who was currently watching the live broadcast, exclaimed, "Ye Xingli is already at the Nascent Soul Realm? And Divine Monarch Zhang... is already at Spirit Transformation?"

But the next moment, he frowned. "Recruiting from all universities? Could it be that they'll even recruit from Celestial Monsters University? How can the dignified Myriad Laws Sect recruit monsterfolk to join the sect?"

In Bei Wufeng's heart, letting monsterfolk into such a sacred place as the Myriad Laws Sect was simply a defilement.

At the side, Yan Qianji, who had also returned to the Lower Realm to prepare for the Sect Examination, said, "Currently, there shouldn't be any plans to recruit monsterfolk."

"And Minister Zhang is more than just a Spirit Transformation cultivator. In the sect, Minister Zhang has earned the appreciation of an Ascension Realm cultivator and even established Superior Merit. In the future, he will definitely become a Void Refinement Dao Monarch!"

"I am taking the exam for the Netherworld Assets Department this time, and I only hope to have the chance to work under Minister Zhang in the future."

"If the minister wants me to bear his children... I am willing to have six in one birth."

"Of course, six in one birth is not my limit. It is just that if I have any more, I am afraid it will delay the work the minister entrusts to me."

Hearing these words, Bei Wufeng and Jin Jun beside him were both shaken to their cores. They felt a wave of loyalty rushing at them from Yan Qianji, along with intense surges of Sect Nature.

"Is this the cultivation result of working as an outsourced staff in the sect for a year?" Bei Wufeng sighed inwardly. "Compared to the past, the current Yan Qianji has truly been completely reborn. I am afraid my Sect Examination results won't be able to compare to his."

As an academic overachiever who had once ranked in the top three of the Artifact Refinement Department alongside Ye Xingli, Bei Wufeng felt at this moment that the gap between himself and Ye Xingli as well as Yan Qianji was getting wider and wider.

Jin Jun, who was beside him, said with an earnest expression, "Senior Brother Yan Qianji, if you succeed in the Sect Examination this time, can you bring me up with you? I'll be an outsourced worker for you."

Yan Qianji said, "In this regard, I have to listen to True Monarch Yu's command. The outsourced workers brought up this time might mainly be from the Civil Engineering Department."

Hearing this, Jin Jun asked in surprise, "Civil Engineering Department?"

At this moment, Jin Jun felt that the world had turned upside down. Since when could the Civil Engineering Department take precedence over the Artifact Refinement Department?

Yan Qianji said, "The Development Zone under Minister Zhang is undergoing massive construction and happens to need talents in civil engineering. Moreover, the Ascension Realm leader who appreciates Minister Zhang is one of the founders of our Myriad Laws University's Civil Engineering Department..."

Hearing the words 'Ascension Realm leader', Jin Jun's expression turned solemn, and he said, "I'll go download some teaching videos of the Civil Engineering Department right now. Artifact Refinement and Civil Engineering are one family. Artifact Refinement is no worse than Civil Engineering!"

---

"Spirit Transformation?"

In the Overtime Institute, Heaven-Compliant Monkey, who had called himself True Monarch Heaven Devourer during the University War and had now changed his name, muttered, "Zhang Yu... reached Spirit Transformation?"

Although he was in the Overtime Institute, all kinds of normal consumption goods were still supplied to them for some additional debt, which also allowed Heaven-Compliant Monkey to watch this live broadcast.

Even if he did not know what kind of background this Netherworld Assets Department in the sect had, or what status a minister held, Heaven-Compliant Monkey still knew the weight of a Spirit Transformation Divine Monarch.

After all, this was the top power among the Ten Universities, an existence sufficient to determine the situation of the universities and the cultivation and lives of countless people.

And now, Zhang Yu had not only achieved Spirit Transformation, but had even hired the Ten Schools' Spirit Transformation cultivators to work for him. In Heaven-Compliant Monkey's eyes, this was already an unattainable level.

Heaven-Compliant Monkey sighed mournfully, "The Sect Examination is the best way out!"

If he could be reborn into the past, Heaven-Compliant Monkey only wanted to say to himself, "Since you are reborn, prepare well for the Sect Examination!"

But the current Heaven-Compliant Monkey knew that in this life, he was afraid he no longer had the qualifications for the Sect Examination.

"Sigh, that Evil God has ruined me! Fu Xiantian has ruined me! I should have become Sect Staff!"

At the side, True Monarch Junior College, who had already changed back to his original name Li Qiuxian, was looking at the content of the live broadcast at this moment and said in disbelief, "Impossible! Zhang Yu has only been up there for two years, on what basis can he achieve Spirit Transformation? And how can he represent the sect like this to recruit people on a massive scale from the Ten Great Universities?"

"This is not the sect's style at all, there's a problem! There is definitely a problem here!"

Li Qiuxian turned his head and saw that True Monarch Great Luminosity, who cultivated the 'Mysterious Canon of Ancestral Transference', had already knelt down toward the livestream. He could not help but shout, "What are you kneeling for? Do you think kneeling to him through the livestream will do any good?"

True Monarch Great Luminosity said, "It at least somewhat provides a boosting effect to my dao heart."

While the two were talking, a notification indicating a decrease in work efficiency appeared in their Bionic Eyes, scaring them into immediately stopping their conversation and focusing back on working overtime.

---

Right when Yu Xinghan was stirring up the winds and clouds of the Lower Realm.

Inside the Former Days Graveyard, Zhang Yu was leading the former principal of Heavenly Demon University, Divine Monarch Sinful Lotus, along with the former principal of Vajra University, Divine Monarch Wisdom Foundation. They walked together within the Immortal Grotto-Heaven as he introduced them to the production lines and the laboratories not far away.

After Magnetic Pole went to the Lower Realm to participate in the Sect Examination and Ye Xingli took charge of the finance work for the Netherworld Assets Department, Zhang Yu knew that he needed to get some new people to help out with the production lines and laboratories in his Immortal Grotto-Heaven.

After all, even if Teacher Magnetic Pole returned from the Sect Examination, she would become an official Sect Staff member. The Netherworld Assets Department had plenty of work to do, so it was impossible for her to stay in his Grotto-Heaven all the time to help manage the laboratories and production lines.

*Teacher Magnetic Pole has the Dao Seed of the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology, and Senior Sister Ye Xingli has the Spirit Resonance Artifact Heart. They will definitely still be the main people in charge of the production lines and laboratories in the future, but they will mainly be responsible for design and highly sophisticated work. Some simple tasks will definitely still have to be handed over to others.*

*Speaking of which, if it weren't for Teacher Magnetic Pole going down for the Sect Examination, I probably would have been able to raise the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology to the level 3 with her over these past two months.*

Right at this moment, a burst of coercion swept over, shocking Divine Monarch Sinful Lotus and Divine Monarch Wisdom Foundation on the side so much that the magic power within their bodies surged wildly.

A black dragon, like a bolt of black lightning, suddenly landed in front of Zhang Yu. It was precisely the Void Refinement Corpse Components he had previously subdued — the Heavenly Tracks Constellation.

The Heavenly Tracks Constellation was one of the two Void Refinement Corpse Components Zhang Yu had left after experiencing the Heaven Collapse event. The other remaining Void Refinement Corpse Components was the World-Forging Furnace that existed as the power source within the Immortal Grotto-Heaven.

Feeling the coercion of the Void Refinement Corpse Components, Divine Monarch Sinful Lotus and Divine Monarch Wisdom Foundation on the side were shocked in their hearts: "Although Minister Zhang is only at the Spirit Transformation Realm, he already has Void Refinement-level abilities. No wonder he can secure the position of Vice President as a Rank 4 Sect Staff."

Glancing at the Heavenly Tracks Constellation in front of him, Zhang Yu said to Divine Monarch Nether Spring, "Have all the damages sustained during the Heaven Mending been repaired? You've worked hard, Divine Monarch Nether Spring."

Although the Heavenly Tracks Constellation had not become a Living Stake used by Zhang Yu for the Heaven Mending, it had provided power for Zhang Yu to suppress all things at that time, resulting in some slight damage.

Divine Monarch Nether Spring quickly replied, "It was just some simple repairs. If this corpse component had a major malfunction, I wouldn't be able to fix it."

Zhang Yu thought to himself, "This kind of corpse component technology... perhaps it is unique to Senior Giant Corpse. I can ask him if I get the chance."

Just as Zhang Yu was assigning work to the Spirit Transformation cultivators of each university, his Chief Soul Cultivator, Zhao Tianxing, presented him with the latest intelligence document.

Zhao Tianxing said, "Minister, the blockade from Heavenly Demon, White Bone, and Netherworld has officially begun."

Zhang Yu glanced at the intelligence presented to him and replied, "Understood."

The content of the intelligence was very simple. First of all, the Sect Enterprises of Heavenly Demon, White Bone, and Netherworld in the Former Days Graveyard formed an alliance, collectively known as the Former Days Alliance.

Although this Former Days Alliance was mainly composed of Sect Enterprises, counting the upstream and downstream enterprises influenced and controlled by them, it could control more than 90% of the Soul Cultivator related factories and companies in the entire Former Days Graveyard.

And their method of boycotting Zhang Yu's side could be described as simple and crude.

"All Soul Cultivators cooperating with us..." Zhang Yu looked at the contents of the document and frowned.

"All Soul Cultivators cooperating with Zhang Yu's side are henceforth forbidden to be transparent! Forbidden to work overtime! Forbidden to eat shit! And forbidden to live in places like Yin Artifacts!"

In the Spirit Realm, similar warnings appeared in every corner of the Former Days Graveyard. Although not issued in the form of official documents, they reached the ears of every Soul Cultivator through various channels.

The Soul Cultivators who heard this warning were all horrified.

"Can't eat shit? After being blacklisted, we can't go to charity organizations to get shit? Wouldn't that starve us to death?!"

"We can't even live in Yin Artifacts? Where would we get the money to live anywhere else!"

"Why can't we be transparent? Manifesting is so expensive!"

A Soul Cultivator under Xiao Yunhe shouted, "This is Vice President Zhang's requirement. Vice President Zhang said he doesn't like transparency. All Cultivators under him, dead or alive, must have 0% transparency, and Soul Cultivators must all manifest autonomously."

"Don't blame me for not telling you. If you cooperate with him, you must spend money to manifest every day and are not allowed to enter transparent mode."

Looking at the contents of the document, a wave of doubt swelled in Zhang Yu's heart. Although he had been studying the Soul Cultivator Industry for a while, there were still many things he didn't understand about the Soul Cultivator ecosystem in the Former Days Graveyard, especially the bottom-tier Soul Cultivator ecosystem.

So he opened his mouth and asked, "What does 'no eating shit' mean? Can Soul Cultivators... even eat shit?"

Zhao Tianxing floated in front of Zhang Yu. He had already researched the relevant intelligence in advance, so upon hearing Zhang Yu's question, he immediately explained, "How could Soul Cultivators eat real shit? This refers to the underground magic power emissions."

"Most of these emissions come from the factories in the Former Days Graveyard, and many of them are contaminated."

"The cost of cleaning up the pollution is relatively high, so many enterprises act as if they are doing charity by distributing these magic power emissions for free, feeding them to some Soul Cultivators. It is much more cost-effective than doing environmental protection."

Zhang Yu asked again, "And what is the matter with 'no living in Yin Artifacts'?"

Zhao Tianxing said, "There are too many Soul Cultivators in the Former Days Graveyard, and all the places where they can be stored are getting more and more expensive. Later, the Soul Cultivators who could not afford the storage fees set their sights on some cultivators, lodging in the cultivators' Bionics and magical artifacts, such as Yin Artifacts and Bionic Eyes."

What the hell... Zhang Yu thought to himself, "This is treating Yin Artifacts as shared rental housing for Soul Cultivators, isn't it?"

And seeing that his own request was written behind the "No Transparency", Zhang Yu was almost so angry he laughed. "When did I request all Soul Cultivators to pay to reveal their forms?"

"Zhao Tianxing, who requested this kind of thing?"

"Was it you?"

Zhang Yu knew that Soul Cultivators, as poor existences who had always been ignored, generally wouldn't consume resources to project themselves or do similar operations just so people could specifically see them in the Material World.

Hearing these words, Zhao Tianxing was startled and hurriedly knelt on the ground, honestly saying, "Minister, I... I never said such things. I just requested everyone to lower the transparency of all crowds in their own field of vision, so they could clearly see others."

"We thought you, Minister, didn't like high transparency and liked to see everyone clearly, which is convenient for mutual supervision and coordinating work."

"So the departments at all levels also responded one after another, learning from your style, Minister... and spontaneously lowering the transparency together, keeping an eye on everyone, not letting others be invisible people."

"I didn't request Soul Cultivators to pay out of their own pockets to reveal their forms, and none of the Soul Cultivators under me paid to reveal themselves either."

"I myself climbed up from being a bottom-tier Soul Cultivator, how could I force them to waste money?"

As he spoke, Zhao Tianxing hurriedly sent his meeting video to Zhang Yu.

Zhang Yu looked at the contents of the video and nodded slightly.

He knew that many Sect Staff in the sect... would increase the transparency of the Outsourced Cultivators in their eyes, to the point of making them so transparent that they could not even see their existence.

And Zhao Tianxing had indeed only asked his subordinates to lower this transparency and not ignore others.

Seeing the fear and panic in Zhao Tianxing's eyes, Zhang Yu was slightly taken aback, feeling that the distance between them seemed to be growing wider at this moment.

Zhang Yu sighed and said, "Go and investigate exactly who is making Soul Cultivators pay to be visible."

A moment later, a list appeared before Zhang Yu.

Looking at the names on the list, Immortal Slayer said, "Those below will always go to extremes to cater to the preferences of those above. Zhang Yu, this is not just their problem, it is also our problem. Getting close to the leader, flattering the leader, pleasing the leader, networking upward, and sitting on the leader's Promotion Accelerator, these are all the habits and voluntary actions of the people of Kunxu."

"But do you still not understand what kind of voluntary action this is in Kunxu? It is the kind of willingness that makes people voluntarily jump off buildings, voluntarily go bankrupt, and voluntarily pay to work overtime."

"As our influence grows, our every word and action can cause an immense impact. As long as we continue to climb upwards, we must learn to properly control our influence."

Desolate Ox said lightly, "The sun... must learn to restrain its own light and heat to nourish all living things, rather than destroying the world."

Sect Examination Clone gave a cold snort, "Soul Cultivators? A bunch of losers at the bottom of Kunxu, making wild guesses at our intentions. Losing Immortal Coins is their own fault, what does it have to do with us?"

Zhang Yu thought for a moment, then looked at Zhao Tianxing in front of him and said, "Alright, tell all the Soul Cultivators to stop paying to manifest."

"Tally up all the manifestation fees of the Soul Cultivators during this period. Whichever department caused this, have them use their own funding to pay the Soul Cultivators back."

Hearing this, a trace of surprise flashed across Zhao Tianxing's face.

Zhang Yu said lightly, "The income of Soul Cultivators is already pitifully low. This little bit of Immortal Coins is a drop in the bucket for us, but for those bottom-tier Soul Cultivators, it could be a matter of life and death, a crisis of Mind Melt.

"Moreover, if we let public opinion fester, it will affect our Soul Cultivator business in the future, making them worry that they will have to pay to manifest if they come to work for us."

"It's better to use money to suppress the matter as soon as possible."

Of course, Zhang Yu knew that his greatest confidence in saying these words came from the fact that he was now in charge of multiple departments through the Management Committee, and was also the top leader of the Netherworld Assets Department, the Nethergate Company, and the joint venture company, holding the funds and personnel of various departments in his hands.

And the manifestation fees of the Soul Cultivators these days, added together, were at most a few thousand Immortal Coins.

Spending a few thousand Immortal Coins to reduce the future impact on the Soul Cultivator business was an easy task for Zhang Yu at this moment.

Immortal Slayer sighed, "Money and power are confidence. The more you control, the stronger your ability to allocate Kunxu's resources. To change Kunxu, mastering enough funds and power is essential."

"If our joint venture company can control 10% or even 20% of the Soul Cultivator market in the Former Days Graveyard in the future, then we will have mastered countless funds and authority, enough to exert influence on the entire Minor Realm."

With a thought, Zhang Yu conveyed his intentions to the leaders at all levels under him, and then continued to look at the intelligence sent by Zhao Tianxing.

Through this intelligence, Zhang Yu seemed to have also seen the living conditions of countless bottom-tier Soul Cultivators in the Former Days Graveyard.

Invisible and formless... ignored by the vast majority of cultivators, sometimes parasitizing a certain part of a cultivator's body, and sometimes relying on magic power pollution excreted underground to survive.

Immortal Slayer said, "Extremely advanced Immortal Dao Technology thoroughly separates people of different levels. The bottom-tier Soul Cultivators in the Former Days Graveyard, poor as they are, in terms of behavioral patterns, forms of existence, feeding methods, and dwellings, can be said to have... become another species."

"Even though they live in the same Former Days Graveyard, compared to high-level cultivators, it's like they live in two isolated worlds."

Desolate Ox added, "This is the alienation of individual life under the tyranny of Immortal Dao Technology, a species split caused by the different degrees of control over technology and resources."

Hearing this, Fu Ji thought to herself, "Damn it... these two guys... are obviously just clones fused with the memories of Zhang Yu and dead people, yet they speak so eloquently, throwing out one fancy term after another."

Fu Ji reminded, "Zhang Yu, ignore this mess. Our next goal is to occupy more of the Soul Cultivator market. Everything else has nothing to do with us."

Zhang Yu looked at the contents of the intelligence and continued, "This method of banning can only be spread secretly, right? What's the official explanation?"

Zhao Tianxing said, "If they don't allow transparency, they will say they are responding to your call. If they don't allow eating shit, they will say they are worried about the spread of pollution. If they don't allow the storage of personal equipment like Yin Artifacts, the excuse can be concerns about work data leaks and information security."

"In short, the real standard is whether or not they have cooperated with us, but on the surface, they won't say it so directly. Instead, they will give all sorts of compliant and legal reasons."

Zhang Yu continued to read the intelligence. The lower-level Soul Cultivators were blocked from basic necessities like food, clothing, housing, and transportation, while the middle and high-level Soul Cultivators were dealt with more simply, by targeting their jobs and salaries.

In the Spirit Realm, the Soul Cultivators under Xie Lanyin wandered back and forth, passing along pieces of gossip.

"Any Soul Cultivator who cooperates with Zhang Yu's side shouldn't even think about finding any work in the Former Days Alliance in the future."

"Don't say I didn't warn you. Those who dare to cooperate over there can expect to get the wages withheld by the Former Days Alliance."

"Once you're on the blacklist, I guarantee you won't ever find a job in the Former Days Graveyard again."

Zhang Yu looked at the intelligence in front of him and found that in addition to targeting Soul Cultivators, they also targeted various upstream and downstream enterprises, similarly using various methods to prohibit them from cooperating with his side.

"How comprehensive," Zhang Yu sighed. "If I hadn't learned about the blockade in advance from Su Lingyou, and had simply spent money to start the Soul Cultivator business, I'm afraid I would be losing money every single day from now on."

Fu Ji said, "Hehe, just let them make a fuss. Once we finish our technical preparations and get the business processes running smoothly, we will start our counterattack!"

Right at this moment, Zhang Yu's gaze shifted slightly as a message from Bu Yingshu appeared before his eyes.

Bu Yingshu: "Little Yu, have you received the test invitation? Has the test cultivation art been sent to you?"

Bu Yingshu: "Reply to me as soon as you receive it, we will refine it together."

A moment later, Zhang Yu received the test invitation from the Martial Arts Pavilion, and he hastily chose to accept it.

And so, very soon, a Strategic-Tier Immortal Sect Technique that was still undergoing testing appeared in front of Zhang Yu.