# Chapter 875 Choosing a New Chain Formation Diagram, Dao Seed Dao Lineage?

Just as the Soul Cultivator Industry in the Former Days Graveyard was radiating with new vitality and developing vigorously.

Within the Immortal Grotto-Heaven, Zhang Yu was activating the power of the Third Eye Mystic Power, observing the production line in front of him.

In his observation, all things between heaven and earth slowed down by a beat, as if falling into a feeling of bullet time.

"It is a bit like the Bionic Eye function of the Time-Worn Demonic Eye." Zhang Yu thought inwardly, "But it is even more powerful, has no side effects when used, consumes less, and lasts longer."

The ability Zhang Yu was currently trying out was exactly the enhancement Yu Xinghan had obtained as an Evil God Worshipper after his potential was raised by Fu Ji this time.

The current Third Eye Mystic Power had gained a formidable dynamic vision ability, able to clearly see all kinds of high-speed moving objects, and even create an illusion that the world had slowed down.

Aside from Yu Xinghan, Bai Zhenzhen's thunder magic power had received an enhancement because of Fu Ji, making Bai Zhenzhen's reactions and energy circulation become even faster.

However, whether it was Yu Xinghan or Bai Zhenzhen, the improvements they gained through Fu Ji were not considered too powerful. Zhang Yu was currently busy with many affairs, and if Yu Xinghan hadn't taken the initiative to report it, he probably wouldn't have even bothered to ask about it. This time, he was just using it in passing.

Right at this moment, Magnetic Pole had already brought Zhang Yu to the end of the production line, showing him the finished product of this batch.

They saw a Supreme Yang Radiance God, which had taken several weeks to finally be produced, soar into the sky. It had already erupted with fierce Supreme Yang Qi, like a continuously burning and exploding sun, emitting dazzling brilliance.

Those wisps of Supreme Yang Qi gushing out made even the current Zhang Yu feel a trace of threat.

As Zhang Yu pondered, he flicked out a strand of hair. Watching the strand of hair gradually ignite while wrapped in the Supreme Yang Qi, he sighed, "I'm afraid this stream of Supreme Yang Qi can already cause some damage to me."

"Indeed." Magnetic Pole introduced from the side, "If the Positron Cannon condensed from the Supreme Yang Qi is used, its power already surpasses many Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade magical artifacts."

Hearing the words Positron Cannon come out of Magnetic Pole's mouth, Zhang Yu always felt it was a bit weird.

He couldn't help but inwardly wonder about the knowledge in his mind, especially the knowledge from his past life on Earth, not knowing how much of it had been learned by Teacher Magnetic Pole.

Meanwhile, Magnetic Pole beside him sighed with emotion in her heart, *To think that after my innate talent improved, I could actually awaken my past-life memories and comprehend ancient Immortal Dao knowledge, which allowed me to combine it with Supreme Yang Qi and develop the Positron Cannon.*

For a long time, Magnetic Pole knew that every time she expended mental effort to revise design blueprints, all kinds of Spirit Inspiration and knowledge would endlessly surge in her mind, and this Spirit Inspiration and knowledge... all stemmed from her accumulation since childhood.

Sometimes, when she was too immersed and the thoughts in her mind operated to an extreme, her dao heart would even start burning, causing a regression.

Magnetic Pole understood that this was an artifact refinement innate talent unique to her. It was a major reliance for her to advance all the way and continuously improve on the Immortal Path of Artifact Refinement.

However, starting from a few years ago, Magnetic Pole discovered that this innate talent of hers seemed to have improved again. Not only were her thoughts and Spirit Inspiration more active, she even generated some whimsical ideas she had never had before, and even... strange knowledge.

After repeatedly confirming that her memory had no problems, Magnetic Pole thought it over and guessed that this should be the awakening of a past life's memory, belonging to Immortal Dao knowledge from some ancient period.

Of course, the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology only allowed her to capture some specific knowledge during her contemplation, without any related history.

And some of the knowledge, such as the Positron Cannon, Nuclear Fusion, and so on, made Magnetic Pole's eyes light up.

But there were also some that made her feel strange.

For example, some feminized giant puppets, some combat weapon designs wearing silk stockings and short skirts... all made her feel confused.

Sometimes Magnetic Pole would also sigh in her heart, "In Kunxu's past history, countless unsolved mysteries are hidden."

On the other side, Zhang Yu suppressed the distracting thoughts in his mind and asked again, "Teacher Magnetic Pole, after multiple version updates, the current Supreme Yang Radiance God has seen significant improvements in various performances. Can it be considered an Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade magical artifact now?"

Over these days, Zhang Yu had consistently made time to refine magical artifacts together with Magnetic Pole, finally completing the condition for Dao Seed ascension and elevating the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology to the 3rd tier.

The effect of the 3rd tier was very simple, yet also extremely practical, which was reducing the dao heart consumption during the use of the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology.

Although the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology could quickly advance the design blueprints for artifact refinement based on Zhang Yu and Magnetic Pole's knowledge bases, and even make targeted improvements in aspects such as weight, cost, materials, performance... etc. according to Zhang Yu and Magnetic Pole's will, the whole process required the burning of dao heart, leading to a regression in dao heart.

Moreover, this loss of dao heart was not small. Sometimes, in order to complete the design of a magical artifact, losing 2 or even 3 dao heart levels was quite normal.

And if one wanted to elevate a magical artifact from military-grade to Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade, the burning of dao heart would increase exponentially.

This also became a major limitation of the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology.

But now... as the Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology reached the 3rd tier, the consumption of burning dao heart was greatly reduced. And with Magnetic Pole having the enhancement of the Spirit Transformation Dao Body, the efficiency of her mental cultivation technique practice surged, naturally greatly increasing the efficiency of restoring dao heart.

After this back-and-forth, Magnetic Pole was able to push the power of the "Encyclopedia of Celestial Technology" at a higher frequency, which also elevated the Supreme Yang Radiance God, originally sitting between military-grade and Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade, to the Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade in one go.

Hearing Zhang Yu's words, Magnetic Pole nodded and said, "It is indeed already at the Immortal Sect True Inheritance-grade. I am currently applying for a patent, but I don't know when it will be approved."

Zhang Yu nodded and then said, "I will use my connections to try and put in a word with the Artifact Refinement Review Group over at the Edict Pavilion, hoping to speed up the process and get the patent approved as quickly as possible."

Zhang Yu looked at the production line in front of him and said, "Such a good product shouldn't only be used by ourselves."

As for the connections Zhang Yu spoke of, the first person he thought of was Fa Liuyuan.

As an Ascension Realm cultivator who had long guarded the central administration, his influence in this area should not be weak.

Thus, Zhang Yu contacted Fa Liuyuan and pitched the Supreme Yang Radiance God to him.

Not long after, the figures of the Supreme Yang Radiance God began to appear on the construction sites of the Former Days Graveyard Development Zone.

Zhang Yu sold the Supreme Yang Radiance Gods subsequently produced in his Immortal Grotto-Heaven to the construction company that took on the Civil Engineering projects in the Development Zone.

Of course, you get what you pay for throughout the whole process, and Zhang Yu did not demand unreasonable returns that exceeded market prices.

This way, after setting aside costs and the commissions paid to Magnetic Pole, Zhang Yu's monthly income had increased to more than 100,000 Immortal Coins.

Coupled with the fact that Xie Lanyin was still continuing to pay a compensation of 100,000 Immortal Coins every month, this temporarily brought Zhang Yu's basic monthly income to over 200,000 Immortal Coins.

Looking at the several million Immortal Coins in his account, Zhang Yu thought to himself, "Besides the laboratory and production lines that need continuous investment, the remaining Immortal Coins.... can perhaps be used to practice a few Immortal Sect Techniques and complete some new Chain Formation Diagrams."

Originally, Zhang Yu had a limited flow of Immortal Coins on one hand, and on the other hand, he was all alone. Previously, just upgrading the single Chain Formation Diagram of the Spirit Transformation Dao Body and practicing its related cultivation arts..... would occupy the specialization slot of the Feather Book, so he had long delayed expanding into new Chain Formation Diagrams.

But now, Zhang Yu had more Immortal Coins and sources of Immortal Coins. With Bai Zhenzhen and Magnetic Pole upgrading the Spirit Transformation Dao Body for him, he gradually developed the idea of acquiring new Chain Formation Diagrams.

So Zhang Yu opened the connection to the Spirit Realm and started clicking through his collection in the Technique Mall.

Looking at the various Immortal Sect Techniques he had collected in the past, Zhang Yu browsed for a while before finally displaying three Chain Formation Diagrams before his eyes that he had not yet cultivated.

"Primordial Chaos Qi Unity, Sovereign of Celestial Desires, Empress Wa Creations..."

The reason he valued these three Chain Formation Diagrams was, on one hand... naturally because they looked quite powerful at first glance, and he felt that their effects did not overlap with the Chain Formation Diagrams he already possessed.

On the other hand, it was because of the cultivation arts included in these Chain Formation Diagrams. Zhang Yu felt that he could either completely afford their prices right now, or he would be able to afford them if he earned a little more.

There were also some other Chain Formation Diagrams... such as Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor, Kunxu Mythology, Divine Power Treasure Tome, and the like. They sounded very powerful as well, but they were all Chain Formation Diagrams that Zhang Yu had seen from Heaven-Opening cultivation arts and Sect-Guarding Techniques, which weren't something he could afford at present.

But looking at Primordial Chaos Qi Unity, Sovereign of Celestial Desires, and Empress Wa Creations displayed in front of him, Zhang Yu fell into a dilemma for a moment.

"Given my current financial situation, I can pick at most one... Which one should I choose?"

"Primordial Chaos Qi Unity is the cheapest, but judging from the related cultivation arts, it has to do with magic power, which isn't what I urgently need right now. However, it can be used by other Dao Seed holders to accelerate the efficiency of their magic power improvement."

"Empress Wa Creations is the most expensive. I would have to earn another 1,000,000 Immortal Coins to fully afford it. But judging from the related cultivation arts, this Chain Formation Diagram should be related to artifact refinement. It can be used by me and Teacher Magnetic Pole. After using it... it might increase our income."

Zhang Yu knew that even within the sect, he was no longer an unknown nobody.

In the past, he might have worried that any products he developed would be blocked, stolen, or plagiarized... but now, he had a communication channel with the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor above, the protection of Fa Liuyuan representing the Reformist Faction in the middle, and the connections from the Former Days Graveyard below, supported further down by many Soul Cultivators...

Not to mention the Reincarnation Faction represented by Su Lengyou and Kuang Tianqing in the background.

Therefore, the current Zhang Yu not only had smooth sailing in aspects like copyright applications, but as long as the product quality was guaranteed, he also had plenty of connections and channels for sales.

"Empress Wa Creations is quite good, but Sovereign of Celestial Desires looks very promising too."

Looking at the cultivation arts related to Sovereign of Celestial Desires, Zhang Yu thought to himself, "After all, getting stronger through dual cultivation should be the dream of every cultivator."

Just as Zhang Yu was thinking, an advertisement popped up from the shopping center.

It was exactly Xiao Yunhe and Xie Lanyin providing services together for Soul Cultivators, introducing a project to rent out living human shells to Soul Cultivators.

Immortal Slayer sighed, "In the past, Soul Cultivators were rented to living people. Now, more and more living people are renting their physical bodies to Soul Cultivators with spending power. This damn Kunxu place... is always unscrupulous when it comes to making money, and there are plenty of ways to exploit people."

At the same time, Zhang Yu gradually made a decision in his heart. Looking at the three Chain Formation Diagram routes in front of him, he thought, "I choose you."

---

A few days later, the Immortal Grotto-Heaven welcomed a guest.

"Sis." Looking at Zhang Pianpian in front of him, Zhang Yu said happily, "How did you arrive so quickly?"

Zhang Pianpian smiled faintly and said, "Isn't there an investigation everywhere for the Great Sage's Heir lately? It just so happens that people are being sent here to the Former Days Graveyard, so I recommended myself and signed up to come."

Hearing these words, a hint of surprise flashed in Zhang Yu's heart. He didn't expect that the Great Sage's Heir incident he triggered would actually cause his elder sister to arrive early.

And sensing Zhang Pianpian's aura, Zhang Yu was also somewhat surprised. "Sis, you've also reached Spirit Transformation?"

Not long after the University War ended, for some reason unknown to Zhang Yu, Zhang Pianpian followed the Righteous Gods to the sect.

Since then, Zhang Yu felt that Zhang Pianpian seemed to be constantly busy with something. Their communication was intermittent, and they had never been able to meet in reality.

Now discovering that Zhang Pianpian had already broken through to the Spirit Transformation Realm, Zhang Yu felt both somewhat surprised and that it was all within reason.

After all, since high school, this elder sister of his had always given him an unfathomable feeling. Later, in the University War, she even provided him with crucial help.

It could be said that without Zhang Pianpian there at the time, Zhang Yu wouldn't have been able to attract the early descent of the Heavenly Court and end the University War.

Later, after arriving in the sect, she also provided Zhang Yu with a lot of information, helping Zhang Yu improve his rank step by step.

Facing Zhang Yu's question, Zhang Pianpian nodded and said, "My situation is not quite the same as yours. As early as the first year I entered the sect layers, I had already broken through to Spirit Transformation."

"Alright, let's not talk about this. Is there a reason you called me over this time?"

Zhang Yu did not answer directly, but first conducted a confirmation with Zhang Pianpian.

After confirming that within the Immortal Grotto-Heaven, Zhang Pianpian was not being monitored, he directly installed the Spirit Transformation Dao Body into her Technique Aperture.

In an instant, Zhang Pianpian's eyes flickered with extraordinary splendor, as if countless pieces of information were surging.

And... unlike the intense stimulation others received, she merely trembled slightly before recovering.

Although she recovered quickly, the feeling of the Spirit Transformation Dao Body, along with the information this feeling represented, set off a stormy sea in her mind, completely changing the way Zhang Pianpian looked at Zhang Yu.

"Sigh, little brother..."

Zhang Pianpian looked at Zhang Yu in front of her, gave a bitter smile, and said, "Did you just lend me your Dao Seed? Sigh... little brother, you always trust others too much."

Hearing the words Dao Seed from Zhang Pianpian's mouth, Zhang Yu's heart jolted, *Elder Sister also knows about Dao Seeds?*

Immediately after, upon understanding Zhang Pianpian's words, he smiled and said, "Sis, without you, how could I have reached this stage today? You are one of the people I trust the most. There is no need to keep so many secrets between us siblings."

Zhang Pianpian shook her head. Her gaze toward Zhang Yu had become incredibly complex, as her mind seemed to recall the past where this younger brother of hers had helped her and transferred money to her time and time again.

Thinking back on her younger brother's trust, Zhang Pianpian sighed and said, "Dao Seeds originate from the Dao Lineage of an Immortal Emperor, but let's put that aside for now."

"I finally understand why Ying Xintian chose you."

"I am afraid you have already fallen into the plans of the ten Immortal Emperors."

Hearing this, Zhang Yu's heart jolted again. Thinking of the attention from the Myriad Laws Immortal Emperor and the Reincarnation Immortal Emperor, he asked curiously, "What plan?"