# Chapter 884: Do Not Bully Xuan Ge For Being Poor, New Batch of Lower Beast Gang Members Comes Ashore

In the laboratory, amidst the loud laughter of the crowd, someone asked Xuan Ge, "Xuan Ge, Xuan Ge, how many methods are there for garbage sorting? Why don't you write down the method you used to help Divine Monarch Zhang collect garbage back then for us to see?"

Another wave of piercing laughter reached Xuan Ge's ears. Although a surge of anger welled up in his heart, he didn't pay any more attention to it. Instead, a trace of sorrow flashed through his mind.

"I, Xuan Ge, started Immortal Cultivation in high school, spent heavily on the Immortal Dao, and was an academic overachiever who ranked among the best every year. Yet, I never expected..."

Xuan Ge didn't expect that although he had quite a bit of innate talent in studying and cultivation, and had always been a top student, his performance in the laboratory's work was consistently poor, and his interpersonal relationships were extremely terrible.

Feeling the surge of Blazing Sun Magic Power filled with a scorching aura within his body, Xuan Ge thought to himself, "If I could return to ancient times, I might be able to fight and slaughter my way out."

"But the current Kunxu is a world of work. There are few flashy and gorgeous battles, and the most abundant thing is work that has multiplied to its peak."

At the same time, Xuan Ge also understood that the reason he couldn't handle his interpersonal relationships well was due to his heart demon.

"Sigh, after fawning over an outstanding talent like Divine Monarch Blazing Light, how can I still bring myself to fawn over these Golden Cores and Nascent Souls in the university."

While distressed in his heart, Xuan Ge had already brought up his contacts list and looked once again at the profile pictures of Zhang Yu, Le Mulan, and Yu Xinghan.

These were the friends he had managed to add with great difficulty back when he was sneaking around Le Mulan's dorm room.

But now, all three of their profile pictures had turned into the gray that represented offline status, as if they had completely disappeared from Xuan Ge's life.

Just then, Xuan Ge's eyes suddenly widened. In his field of vision, Yu Xinghan's profile picture abruptly lit up.

"He came to the Lower Realm?"

Xuan Ge was startled at first, and then he sighed inwardly, "He should be down here to preside over the Sect Examination work, just like last time..... but what does this have to do with me?"

Xuan Ge heard that quite a few people from Myriad Laws University had been taken to the sect by Yu Xinghan to do outsourced work the previous year, but obviously.... he wasn't among them.

Thinking of this, Xuan Ge could not help but feel a burst of resentment in his heart, "Divine Monarch Blazing Light, have you already forgotten about Xuan Ge from the university dorm room back then?"

Right at this moment, under Xuan Ge's shocked gaze, Yu Xinghan's profile picture in the contacts list actually started bouncing.

"This..." Xuan Ge thought, "He sent me a message?! Could it be a mistake?"

At the same time, Xuan Ge also noticed that Yu Xinghan's relevant information and titles had been updated again. He had now become Divine Monarch Yu, having stepped into the Spirit Transformation Realm.

"Spirit Transformation..."

Xuan Ge could never have imagined that the university student from the Civil Engineering Department whose professional skills were once not even as good as his own had already stepped into Spirit Transformation, while he himself was still merely at Foundation Establishment.

For a time, all sorts of complicated thoughts welled up in his heart, and Xuan Ge actually stared blankly for a moment.

He carefully opened the message sent by Yu Xinghan, and the next moment Xuan Ge could not help but laugh out loud.

The other people around looked at the giggling Xuan Ge and launched into another round of teasing.

Xuan Ge, however, no longer cared about what the people around him thought and focused wholeheartedly on replying to Yu Xinghan's message.

Yu Xinghan: "Where are you?"

Xuan Ge immediately gave his address.

And less than a minute after he reported his location, a surge of information fluctuated in the Spirit Realm, as if stirring up a violent storm.

The next moment, Spirit Realm Projections had already bypassed the layers of protection of the Myriad Laws University laboratory building, crashing down in front of the crowd and triggering a massive uproar in their hearts.

"Is... is that the vice-principal?"

"The one next to the vice-principal is Yu... Divine Monarch Yu? He has already stepped into the Spirit Transformation Realm?!"

"Why... why have they come to our place?"

The crowd looked at the scene before them in shock, feeling as if wave after wave of violent storms had been stirred up in their hearts.

The teacher from the laboratory immediately went up to greet them, only to hear the vice-principal beside Yu Xinghan say, "Divine Monarch Yu is here for an inspection. Give the Divine Monarch a proper introduction to the laboratory's situation."

While the teacher was explaining, Yu Xinghan's gaze had already turned towards Xuan Ge.

Regarding this classmate he had met early in university, Yu Xinghan hadn't thought about him for a long time. If it wasn't for Zhang Yu's request, he would have never contacted the other party again.

But since Zhang Yu wanted to bring the other party up, Yu Xinghan naturally pulled up Xuan Ge's files as soon as he arrived in the Lower Realm.

However, upon seeing these files, Yu Xinghan understood even less why Zhang Yu wanted to bring Xuan Ge up.

"His grades are decent, but he's only reached Foundation Establishment now? It shows that he failed to stand out during the University War back then, and later in the laboratory, he never had any outstanding performance."

In Yu Xinghan's view, a cultivator of Xuan Ge's level truly didn't seem to have anything exceptional about him.

"Why on earth did Zhang Yu choose him?"

Although full of doubts, Yu Xinghan still pointed at Xuan Ge and said, "You are Little Xuan, right? To think I would run into you during my inspection this time."

The vice-principal beside him quickly asked, "Divine Monarch Yu, do you know this student?"

Yu Xinghan smiled and said, "More than just know him. He used to take out the trash for our dorm every day."

Hearing the word 'our', the vice-principal's gaze immediately narrowed, "Could it be..."

Yu Xinghan smiled and shook his head, "It was Minister Zhang's and my dorm."

Hearing this, everyone in the laboratory looked toward Xuan Ge, feeling shock, astonishment, surprise, nervousness, or trepidation in their hearts...

When Xuan Ge heard Yu Xinghan's words, his body trembled, and a feeling of vindication swelled within him, as if declaring to everyone, "I told you I took out the trash for Divine Monarch Zhang!"

Yu Xinghan smiled at Xuan Ge and said, "Little Xuan, I still remember how you used to run to our dorm every day. To think that so many years have passed in the blink of an eye. The few of us all went to the sect, while you remained at the university, working diligently."

After speaking, Yu Xinghan looked at the teacher of the laboratory and asked about Xuan Ge's performance.

The teacher hurriedly praised Xuan Ge, "Student Xuan is the most responsible and diligent person in our laboratory. I have always entrusted the most important tasks to him. As long as matters are handed over to him, I am at ease."

Yu Xinghan nodded and sighed with emotion, "This is indeed Little Xuan's trait. Although we went to the sect and you stayed at the university, Little Xuan, it is just a different division of labor. Everyone is serving Kunxu, after all, shining and generating heat in our respective positions."

Saying that, Yu Xinghan said to the vice-principal at the side, "For outstanding talents like Xuan Ge, the university should still nurture them well. Just like the matter of salary increases, you cannot have people working every day without raising their salaries."

"After Minister Zhang obtained the Limitless Salary Increase Authority in the sect, he kept telling us in meetings that salary desire is the ladder of human progress. If the Salary Art is improper... whether it is a company or a team, it is all because the leaders are bad. I deeply agree with this."

The vice-principal had long heard of Zhang Yu's deeds from Yu Xinghan, and he hurriedly said, "Divine Monarch Yu, you are absolutely right. You must stay a few more days to properly guide us, so that we can profoundly grasp Divine Monarch Zhang's salary-raising spirit."

Then, the vice-principal looked at Xuan Ge and said, "And for such an excellent student like Xuan Ge, I'll immediately have someone verify it to see if any of his scholarships were shortchanged."

Yu Xinghan was not satisfied with this. In his eyes, Xuan Ge's cultivation realm was too low. Mere Foundation Establishment? What help could he be if he went up?

Yu Xinghan was heard saying, "Xuan Ge is about my age. I'm already at Spirit Transformation, and he's only at Foundation Establishment. What's going on here?"

*You fucking...* The vice-principal cursed 'beastly superior' in his heart, but said aloud, "This Cultivation Realm Certificate matter is theoretically not under our jurisdiction..."

Yu Xinghan said, "Where is Yun Zhiguang? Forget it, I'll talk to her."

Yu Xinghan was seen making a call to Yun Zhiguang on the spot.

In the private chat channel exclusively for the two of them, Yu Xinghan spoke up, "Senior Sister Yun, does Myriad Laws University have any extra Golden Core Certificate quotas?"

Towards Yun Zhiguang, who was also a Sect Staff member, Yu Xinghan directly called her senior sister out of politeness and closeness.

Yun Zhiguang's eyes were currently reading the news about Zhang Yu being awarded the Extraordinary Merit by Immortal Venerable Profound Wisdom.

Watching the video of the award ceremony and looking at the various rewards bestowed upon Zhang Yu, Yun Zhiguang was also somewhat in a daze for a moment.

She never would have imagined that the university student she had casually trampled underfoot back then would become a big shot she could only look up to, and just a few years after joining the sect at that.

Hearing Yu Xinghan's request at this moment, Yun Zhiguang immediately smiled and said, "Since Divine Monarch Yu has personally spoken, I will arrange to spare one. Tell me, who is it for?"

As the sect staff acting as the proxy manager of Myriad Laws University in the Lower Realm, Yun Zhiguang held the quota for the vast majority of the realm certificates at Myriad Laws University every year.

For the Lower Realm natives, the Golden Core Certificate was extremely serious, fair, and required fierce competition to obtain, but to Yun Zhiguang, it was nothing more than a trading chip.

Especially for the Golden Core Certificate, she held a lot of flexible quotas every year.

"Thanks, Senior Sister Yun," Yu Xinghan said. "Minister Zhang asked me to pass a message to you. When you return to the sect, he will personally host a welcome banquet for you."

Yun Zhiguang smiled and said, "It is good that Minister Zhang still remembers me. Then we will meet again when I return to the sect."

Ending the call, Yu Xinghan could not help but sigh in his heart. The Golden Core Certificate that they had felt was unattainable back then was now obtained in just a few words.

"This is the gap between the Upper Realm and the Lower Realm, between sect and university."

"But it also has to do with the times. If it weren't for the University War, as well as the Lower Realm reform where the sect sent out Yun Zhiguang, a sect disciple, to temporarily manage Myriad Laws University, things would probably be a bit more troublesome."

Sighing inwardly, Yu Xinghan's face remained impassive as he said indifferently, "Little Xuan, I have talked to your Principal Yun. She will send someone to check your grades and see if you have the qualifications to obtain the Golden Core Certificate."

Hearing these words, the surrounding crowd was startled once again. In their impression, Yun Zhiguang from the sect was always a lofty, unreasonable, and temperamental existence. Since when was she so easy to talk to?

Meanwhile, Xuan Ge was already too excited to speak.

Right after Yu Xinghan, the vice-principal, and the others left, the classmates in the laboratory immediately dropped to their knees with a series of thuds.

"Senior Brother Xuan Ge!"

"Brother Xuan, Senior, this is our apology fee! Please accept it."

Looking at the crowd kneeling on the ground, Xuan Ge sighed, "Although I have worked for Divine Monarch Zhang, I originally just wanted to get along with everyone as an ordinary person, but I didn't expect to only get alienation in return."

---

And that night, Xuan Ge was summoned by Yu Xinghan alone.

Looking at the nervous Xuan Ge in front of him, Yu Xinghan asked, "Do you know why I wanted to see you?"

Xuan Ge shook his head repeatedly and said respectfully, "Please instruct me, Divine Monarch."

Yu Xinghan said indifferently, "Minister Zhang Yu wants you to ascend to the sect and do outsourcing work for the sect. What are your thoughts?"

Xuan Ge's body trembled, and he quickly spoke, as if afraid Yu Xinghan would go back on his word, "I will completely listen to both Divine Monarchs."

Yu Xinghan nodded and asked again, "Do you know why Minister Zhang is looking for you?"

Xuan Ge was slightly taken aback, and a trace of doubt flashed in his heart.

Yu Xinghan asked again, "Tell me about what happened between you and Minister Zhang in the past..."

Because he was curious about what was so special about Xuan Ge, Yu Xinghan asked about their past.

But as he listened, he only found that back then Xuan Ge was either taking out the trash for the dorm, waiting outside the door for Le Mulan, or being injected with magic power by Zhang Yu.

"Invite Xuan Ge to ascend to the sect to take out the trash?"

The first possibility had just surfaced when it was directly ruled out by Yu Xinghan.

"Let Xuan Ge ascend and wait outside Zhang Yu's door?"

Yu Xinghan shook his head, feeling that the focus was still on the magic power injection, and couldn't help but ask Xuan Ge about the relevant details.

"It was just magic power poured into my body's magic power circulation...

"It improved my magic power quality...

"It should be about the same as Le Mulan's situation..."

Listening to Xuan Ge's words, Yu Xinghan's gaze focused: "Similar to Le Mulan's situation?"

"Are they engaging in dual cultivation?"

"Ancient dual cultivation?"

Looking at Xuan Ge in front of him, Zhang Yu's figure appeared in Yu Xinghan's mind: "Good brother... if you wanted to find a man for dual cultivation, you could have come to me. Although I have no interest in this area, given our relationship, did you really need to go out of your way to find this Xuan Ge?"

"And after all these years, for this Xuan Ge to still make Zhang Yu unable to forget him, does it just mean he has something unique about him?"

Yu Xinghan shook his head. He could tell that Xuan Ge himself didn't know what was going on either.

But Yu Xinghan still believed in Zhang Yu's judgment, as he said: "Keep today's matter to yourself. If anyone asks you about it in the future, don't say a word, understood?"

Xuan Ge nodded repeatedly.

Immediately after, Yu Xinghan tossed a prefabricated Golden Core to him and said: "In a while, your Golden Core Certificate will be issued. Hurry up and break through."

"Foundation Establishment is too weak, you won't be able to help Minister Zhang."

"If you don't have enough resources, let me know, and I'll try my best to help you figure something out."

Xuan Ge excitedly grasped the Golden Core in his hand and nodded repeatedly upon hearing this.

In the days that followed, Xuan Ge turned down some of his work and threw himself wholeheartedly into cultivation.

Finally, before the end of the Sect Examination, he successfully broke through to the Golden Core Realm. He boarded the Flying Boat heading to the sect along with the examinees who had been admitted this year and the cultivators going up to the sect for outsourcing work.

Tu Lishan stood on the Flying Boat, looking at the sect layers that appeared in his eyes once again, but his state of mind was completely different. This was because he was no longer an outsourced worker, but part of a new batch of Sect Staff for the Netherworld Assets Department.

Besides him, Bei Wufeng, Jin Jun, and Ying Xin had also been admitted to the Netherworld Assets Department.

And apart from this batch of Sect Staff, there were also Xiao Qingxuan, Shi Yunxiang, Mo Jin, Gongshu Jin, Su Yanyang, and Xiao Yunji from the Civil Engineering Department, as well as Zi Yunzhen, Su Yunni, Liu Xiangqiao, and other cultivators from Myriad Laws University's Artifact Refinement Department. They were all brought up together to become outsourced workers for the Netherworld Assets Department.

Staring at Shi Yunxiang in the crowd, Bei Wufeng thought to himself, "A great man like me, Bei Wufeng, is actually associating with this kind of monsterfolk on my rise to the top? When I have the chance, I must definitely advise Minister Zhang again to expel the monsterfolk and maintain the purity of the team."

On the other side, Yu Xinghan looked at the newly recruited cultivators and thought to himself: "The positions in the Netherworld Assets Department... are ultimately still too few. At most, we can only recruit a few people per term."

"Zhang Yu is very familiar with Dao Monarch Bu of the Martial Arts Pavilion, and he also has connections in the Edict Pavilion. I wonder if he can insert more students from the Lower Realm into these two places in the future."

After undergoing training at the Training Academy, everyone officially joined the Netherworld Assets Department.

And on Xuan Ge's first day arriving at the Former Days Graveyard, he was called over by Zhang Yu.

Inside the Immortal Grotto-Heaven, after these days of cultivation, the current Zhang Yu had long since pushed his dao heart to level 50, his magic power to 1,000,000 units, and his physical strength to 50.00 points, all completely reaching the limits of Spirit Transformation.

He raised his gaze, looked at Xuan Ge in front of him, and glanced at the Blazing Sun Meridian and Technique Aperture on the other party's chest.

Xuan Ge said respectfully: "Minister!"

After the training to enter the sect, he had come to increasingly understand just how formidable the current Zhang Yu was.

Zhang Yu nodded slightly, then pointed a finger out... a surging stream of magic power was injected across space into the other party's body.

Zhang Yu thought to himself: "Let me see what use the next level of this Blazing Sun Meridian has."